I remember you saying you found Little Big Adventure to be average. Are you not usually that into single-player games on PlayStation?Earlier, you stated that you didn't have strong feelings about PlayStation's Little Big Adventure. Is your opinion true for all games which don't have multiplayer?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Does single-player gaming on the PlayStation quickly get boring for you?Tom Clancy's The Division was released with a M (for Mature) rating. It's an average role-playing, shooter, tactical third person game, that offers a multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as for Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average role-playing tactical shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It is played from a third person perspective, and it has multiplayer as well. It is played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam as well.If you are looking for a third person, role-playing tactical shooter with multiplayer, try out Tom Clancy's The Division. It is regarded as average quality, and is rated M (for Mature). You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, where it is available on Steam.Super Bomberman is a decent action-strategy game. It runs on Nintendo and PC only, but it is not on Mac or Linux, and it does not appear on Steam.Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game released for Nintendo and PC. It's not on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Super Bomberman is an action-strategy game that has received average ratings and can be played on Nintendo and PC, though it's not available on Steam and does not have a Linux or Mac Release.Why do you feel that M rated games played from a first person perspective are typically not quite fun?Why is it you feel that M rated games played from a first person perspective are just okay?Why do you find first person M rated games to be only mildly entertaining?What do you think is the weirdest game you've ever played?What would you say was the weirdest game you've played?What's the weirdest game you have ever heard of?Might & Magic: Heroes VI was a barely adequate PC game. From the bird view perspective to the gameplay, everything felt very by the numbers.I think that though the bird view perspective can work for a lot of games, for games on the PC it often is a bit clunky. That's why Might & Magic: Heroes VI ended up being a fairly mediocre game.I think that Might & Magic: Heroes VI is mediocre. Its bird's eye perspective is nice, however, I don't enjoy playing games on the PC.So you adored The Room. Do you in general just love to play indie point-and-click puzzle games on the PC?You said that you loved The Room. Do you frequently love playing indie point-and-click puzzle games on the PC?I remember that you loved The Room on PC. Can I assume that you normally like indie point-and-click puzzle games?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you miss such role-playing tactical shooters being released for Mac?You mentioned earlier that you thought Tom Clancy's The Division was average. Are you generally not fond of role-playing games featuring shooting and tactical gameplay that were not released for Mac?I know you weren't sold on Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you just feel okay about other role-playing tactical shooters that don't have a Mac release?Oh, the sports game from 2001, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?You mean Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the 2001 sports game?Is the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 you're talking about the sport game that was released back in 2001?Mirror's Edge Catalyst was a pretty poor game, and it didn't even have a Steam release.Ah, I wish Mirror's Edge Catalyst was on Steam, they're the only game source I trust to be legit.Mirror's Edge Catalyst just isn't a very good game, especially because it's hard to find since it's not on Steam.Are you talking about Diablo II from Blizzard North?You're referring to one of Blizzard North's games, Diablo II, right?Do you mean the Diablo II that Blizzard North developed?Silent Hill 2 is an excellent example of an action-adventure puzzle game from 2001. It's a game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, and got an M (for Mature) rating when it was released.Silent Hill 2, by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo from 2001, is an excellent action-adventure, puzzle game that's rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It was released in 2001 and has an M (for Mature) rating.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG game that came out in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment.World of Warcraft is an MMORPG adventure game that was released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment.World of Warcraft was released by Blizzard Entertainment in 2004. It's an adventure MMORPG.You mentioned that you greatly enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Would you say you're a big fan of action-adventure games from 2004 involving shooting and tactical gameplay?So you said earlier that you totally loved Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you commonly in love with tactical action-adventure  shooter games from 2004?You're a big fan of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, if I remember correctly. Do you think it was all about being a tactical action-adventure shooter in 2004?Far Cry 3 was pretty fun. I always enjoy games with a multiplayer option that I can play with my friends.Far Cry 3 is a pretty nice game, and I enjoy the multiplayer.One thing I thought that makes Far Cry 3 a pretty good game is that it has multiplayer as well. It has a great single-player campaign, but you can jump online and enjoy it that way too.Is there a game made by Ghost Games that you found exceptional?Has Ghost Games made anything exceptional?Have you played any exceptional games by Ghost Games?You seem to like sport simulation games. What do you say about Madden NFL 15?I know you're a fan of sports simulation games, and let me tell you, Madden NFL 15 is an exemplar of the genre. You must've heard of it, haven't you?I know you like simulation sports games, and I wonder if you've heard of Madden NFL 15.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was a first person shooter game released by Sledgehammer Games in 2014. The game, which sports a multiplayer feature, is action-packed, but received an overall average rating.An average action shooter with multiplayer is Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Developed by Sledgehammer Games, it was released in 2014.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an average action shooter game that came out in 2014, developed by Sledgehammer Games. It can be played multiplayer.Stronghold 2 was released in 2005 as a real-time strategy simulation played from the standard bird view perspective. It received an average rating from players.Stronghold 2 was released in 2005 and is considered average amongst gamers. It's a real-time strategy simulator that offers a bird view of your character throughout gameplay.An average bird view real-time strategy game with simulation elements, Stronghold 2, was released in 2005.Naughty Dog is a great developer, especially when they're working within the freedom of an M rating, and this made The Last of Us an excellent game.Naughty Dog did an amazing job with The Last of Us, and they really made the most of that M rating.I think The Last of Us is a great game. It's one of the outstanding M rated games released by Naughty Dog.Euro Truck Simulator from 2008 is a driving/racing simulation game. You play it in the first person.As a driving simulation game that offers a first person perspective, Euro Truck Simulator was released in 2008.Euro Truck Simulator is a first person driving/racing simulator from 2008.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure, role-playing, shooter with third person player perspective and no multiplayer mode, rated T (for Teen) and released in 2017 by Guerrilla Games.Horizon: Zero Dawn was released in 2017 by developer Guerrilla Games and is rated T (for Teen). This action-adventure, role-playing game also has a shooting element. You get to play in a third person perspective. However you can't play with your friends online because this game has no multiplayer in it.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a 2017 T (for Teen) release by Guerrilla Games. It is a single-player action-adventure, role-playing shooter set in third person.What is it about games released in 1999 that makes you feel so-so about them all?So I've been wondering, why did you say that games released in 1999 are merely average?Why do you think games from 1999 are so adequate?Would you mind sharing with me why you enjoy playing bird's eye view strategy simulators?What in particular do you enjoy about bird's eye view strategy sim games?Why do you enjoy playing strategy simulation games with a bird's eye view?So I know you like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End very much, but I wonder if that extends to all T rated games. What would you say?You really like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, don't you? Do you play a lot of T rated content?I know you mentioned that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was one of your favorite games. Do you in general love T rated games?Hey, what it is about games developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio that makes you love them so much?Can you explain to me what it is about the games developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio that makes you love them so much?Why do you think SIE Santa Monica Studio is so much better than others?I remember you said you greatly enjoyed The Room. Is it safe to assume you're a big fan of indie point-and-click puzzle games on Linux in general?I've heard you sing the praises of The Room. Do you play a lot of indie point-and-click puzzle titles on Linux?You brought up how much you loved The Room. Are you in general a big fan of those type of indie point-and-click puzzle games that are available on Linux?I recall you saying that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Are you generally not fond of PlayStation games from 2017?You said before that you hated Need for Speed: Payback. Do you hate other PlayStation games from 2017?You hated Need for Speed: Payback. Was the selection of PlayStation games in 2017 perhaps just terrible overall?You said earlier that you love Silent Hill 2. Do you find that you often really enjoy M (for Mature) rated action-adventure games with puzzles?You mentioned that you really, really love Silent Hill 2. Do you in general just love M rated action-adventure games with lots of puzzles?You gushed earlier over Silent Hill 2. Do you feel a similar infatuation with other M rated action-adventure puzzle games?SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy role-playing game with a bird view that was released in 2017. You can play it on PC, but not on Linux or Mac and you can get it on Steam.Spellforce 3 is a 2017 role-playing real-time strategy with the traditional bird view. It was released for PC only. Although avaliable on Steam, this game does not run on Linux or Mac.SpellForce 3 is a 2017 role-playing game that is played from a bird view perspective that requires real-time strategy. It is available for PC and Steam, but it is not available for Linux or Mac.Little Nightmares is a good single-player game for all ages, but it lacks multiplayer. It's an adventure-puzzle platformer rated E (for Everyone).Little Nightmares is a good adventure-puzzle platformer. It is a single-player game, and is rated E (for Everyone).If you want to try a puzzle-based adventure game, Little Nightmares is an option with good ratings. This single-player platformer is rated E (for Everyone).Are there any ESRB content ratings which you give preference to when picking a game to play?Do you have a favorite ESRB content rating?Are you at all bothered by the ESRB rating of a game before playing it? If so, which one do msot often go for?What is it about the driving/racing simulators made by Slightly Mad Studios that you find mediocre?Why do you say that Slightly Mad Studios driving/racing simulators are okay but don't stand out from the crowd?What is it about Slightly Mad Studios' driving/racing simulation games that leaves you unimpressed?So what is your favorite game that came out in 2014?Of all games released in 2014, which would you say is your most favorite?What's your favorite game from 2014?What's your favorite game that EA Canada has made?What is your favorite game made by EA Canada?I'm curious, what is your favorite game made by EA Canada?Little Nightmares was a fun game. I like Tarsier Studios' work, and the side view perspective made it easy to keep track of things while playing.Little Nightmares is a solid side view game from Tarsier Studios.Little Nightmares by Tarsier Studios is a pretty cool game with a side view perspective that doesn't get boring.I recall you saying that you hated Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you hate other side view games made by Climax Studios as well?So I know you said you hated Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you think all of Climax Studios side view games are as bad?You said that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Generally speaking, do you dislike side view games from Climax Studios?Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter game. It was rated M (for Mature).Max Payne is another good M rated action-adventure shooter.Max Payne is a good action-adventure, shooter game and it's rated M (for Mature).F1 2014 is a sport racing simulation game released in 2014 that was only met with an average rating.F1 2014 is an average driving/racing game that came out in 2014 and is a sport simulation.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport driving/racing simulator with average ratings.One of my favorite games as a kid was RollerCoaster Tycoon. It was a top-down strategy simulator that came out back in 1999.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game with a bird view perspective that was developed in 1999.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a 1999 release simulation game. It gave you the chance to play a bird view strategy game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a solid RTS. It takes a lot of what makes the genre good, like the bird view, and improves upon it.I'm a fan of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings because I've always liked real-time strategy games, and it's a pretty good one. The bird view perspective gives me a good overview of the game experience as I play.I like bird's eye view real-time strategy games. Just like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good game.Hitman 2 is a third person tactical shooter that was developed by IO Interactive and will be released on November 13, 2018.A highly-anticipated game coming out soon is Hitman 2 by IO Interactive. It's a third person shooter with tactical elements. It's expected to come out November 13, 2018.Hitman 2 is an upcoming third person shooter game developed by IO Interactive. The tactical game is expected to release on November 13, 2018.I'm wondering, have you played any games you found genuinely shocking?Did any games that you've played recently have particularly shocking endings?Have you ever encountered a video game that you found shocking?You mentioned that you had fun playing BioShock. Do you, in general, enjoy single-player only games like that?Do you enjoy most of the single-player only games, or is BioShock special?I seem to recall that you liked BioShock. Do you like single-player games in general?Why do you think third person vehicular combat games are not fun to play?What annoys you about third person vehicular combat games?If you don't mind me asking, why do you think that third person vehicular combat games are terrible?It was so easy to get into Sid Meier's Civilization V because it runs on Linux and I can get it from the Steam store.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really good game, and luckily, it's available on Linux through Steam.I like games that give me lots of release options, so Sid Meier's Civilization V being available on Linux via Steam made it pretty good in my books.Do you like first person games, such as Portal 2?Are you into first person games like Portal 2?Are you familiar with first person perspective games, like Portal 2?Among sport racing simulators, what do you think is the most exciting one that you played lately?What's a driving/racing sport simulator you felt was exciting?Can you suggest an exciting racing simulation sports game?How do you feel about Days of Wonder's PC games, such as Small World 2?Do you enjoy PC games by Days of Wonder, you know, such as Small World 2?I'm wondering, do you ever play any of the PC games developed by Days of Wonder, like for instance Small World 2?Max Payne is a single-player action-adventure shooter rated M (for Mature).Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter game with no multiplayer and an M (for Mature) rating.If you like action-adventure shooter games, then you should try Max Payne. It is rated M (for Mature). It does not have multiplayer.Have you ever given any games on PC but not on Steam a try, like The Sims?Do you ever play PC games that don't have Steam releases, like for example The Sims?Do you think you would ever give a PC game a chance that you can't get on Steam, such as The Sims?Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy released in 2002.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was released back in 2002, and it is considered an excellent RTS even nowadays.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was released in 2002. It's an excellent real-time strategy game.The shooter game, Grand Theft Auto V, is excellent but restricted to mature audiences only. It is packed with action and adventure, and has some driving too. In the game you can switch between the first and third person views.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent action-adventure shooter with some driving, but is only suitable for mature audiences. The game boasts both first and third person perspectives.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent driving and shooting game packed with action and adventure. It's rated M (for Mature). It can be played in the first person or third person view.You said earlier that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was just okay. Are you generally not impressed by action-adventure games with puzzles, shooting and a bird view perspective?I know you only felt okay about Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel so about other bird view perspective games that are action-adventure or puzzle shooter games?I remember you saying that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was an okay game, but didn't blow your mind or anything. Is that just kind of how you feel about all puzzle action-adventure shooters that you play fomr a bird view perspective?If you're into point-and-click adventures, try The Wolf Among Us. The game came out in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and it's available on Steam. Though you can't play it on Linux, it does have a Mac release. It's rated M (for Mature).The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click adventure game that was released in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Steam, and Mac. It has no Linux support and is rated M (for Mature).The Wolf Among Us is an M-rated point-and-click adventure game. It was released in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, plus you can find it on Steam. It has a Mac release but no Linux release.What makes you feel that Slightly Mad Studios lineup of PC games is merely average in quality?So, why do you feel that the PC games made by Slightly Mad Studios are just average?What makes Slightly Mad Studios' PC games average to you?Why do you think third person games are so average in quality?Why is it that you find games with a third person perspective to be mediocre?You've mentioned you find third person perspective games to be just okay, why is that?You mentioned you liked Far Cry 3. Do you commonly like first person games by Ubisoft Massive?You said that you liked Far Cry 3. Do you always like to play first person games from Ubisoft Massive?I know you mentioned that Far Cry 3 was pretty good in your opinion. Would you say that you're a bit of a fan of the first person perspective games developed by Ubisoft Massive?Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was certainly the very opposite of a smash hit with me. The music genre has never been my favorite anyways, and the first person perspective just came off weird and jarring.I like first person games normally, but not even that could make a music game fun for me. In fact in Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, I think the perspective somehow made an already bad game even worse.Let me say this, I like music games, and I like the first person perspective too. So when I say Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is totally underwhelming, you know that's a hard thing to say.When you talk about Worms: Reloaded, are you referring to the one for the PC that was made by Team17 Digital Ltd?Are you talking about the PC game by Team17 Digital Ltd called Worms: Reloaded?Are you talking about that PC game from Team17 Digital Ltd, Worms: Reloaded?Guitar Hero: Smash Hits launched in 2009 but plays like a game from 1989, it's just not good.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits just didn't do it for me. It really shows that it was made back in 2009.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was a very bad game. 2009 was a terrible year for gaming and I just can't stand the games released that year.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game developed by Fuse Games. The game received an E (for Everyone) rating and has multiplayer support. It's exclusively available for Nintendo.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game by Fuse Games for Nintendo. This game is rated E (for Everyone), and it has multiplayer.If you're looking for a multiplayer pinball puzzle game that is only available on Nintendo, you might like Metroid Prime Pinball. It is rated E (for Everyone) and was developed by Fuse Games.Have you ever played an E 10+ rated game with multiplayer, like NBA 2K16?Do you like multiplayer games rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older), for example, NBA 2K16?What do you think about multiplayer E10+ games like NBA 2K16?You mentioned that Quantum Break wasn't bad, but wasn't all that good either. Do you feel that Xbox adventure shooters are in general like that?You said that Quantum Break was nothing special. Do you typically feel similar about playing other adventure shooters on Xbox?You previously mentioned that you found Quantum Break to be average. So are you not commonly into Xbox adventure games featuring shooting?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game from 2008 that is for the Xbox. While you can play solo, the game offers a multiplayer mode as well.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 got poor ratings when it came out in 2008. It might have been the worst multiplayer music game for the Xbox.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 was a poor music game for the Xbox in 2008, though it did have multiplayer.Bus Driver was a rare miss for SCS Software. But, that PC game really stunk.I really hate Bus Driver. SCS Software is a terrible developer and they're absolutely incompetent at making PC games.In my opinion, Bus Driver is an abomination of a game. I normally dislike PC games anyways, but to make things even worse, Bus Driver is developed by a terrible company, SCS Software.The Sims is a good simulation and strategy game with a bird view perspective. It was made by Maxis.If you want to play a simulation strategy game with good ratings, try The Sims developed by Maxis. It gives players a bird view perspective.The Sims by Maxis is a good simulation strategy game with a bird view perspective.Transport Tycoon is a 1994 simulation strategy game available for PC only, but you cannot get it on Steam.Transport Tycoon is a simulation-strategy game that came out in 1994. It was released on PC, but it is not available on Steam.Transport Tycoon from 1994 is a simulation strategy for PC, but it's not on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is pretty good. I enjoy the first person perspective in it, and I appreciate the game's availability on Steam.I really enjoy The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, that first person perspective was solid, and I do prefer getting things on Steam, as opposed to other retailers, because hey, it's nice and cheap usually.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good game in my view. I enjoyed the first person perspective and it being on Steam was a nice convenience.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice was released in the year 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, though it hasn't been released for Linux or Mac, leaving it to be a Windows release only. It is a adventure, hack-and-slash, indie through the third person perspective, it does not have multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a 2017 adventure, third person hack-and-slash, indie with no multiplayer. It's on PlayStation, Xbox, PC but not on Linux or Mac.The third person indie hack-and-slash adventure title Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. This 2017 release has no Mac or Linux version and no multiplayer mode.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good top down strategy simulator. It is currently available on Xbox and PC with Linux support, though not via Steam or Mac platforms.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation-strategy game. It runs on Xbox, PC, and Linux, but it does not run on Mac and is not available on Steam.If you enjoy strategy and simulators, try RollerCoaster Tycoon. It's received good ratings and is available for Xbox, PC, as well as Linux, though it's not available on Steam and doesn't have a Mac release as well.And speaking of 1999 games that have Linux releases, have you ever played RollerCoaster Tycoon?Have you heard of RollerCoaster Tycoon? It's this older game, from 1999, and it released on Linux too so you could play it!If you're looking for games back from 1999 that have a Linux release, there's RollerCoaster Tycoon. Have you ever heard of it?Assetto Corsa is a first person title on Steam. Are you familiar with it?A first person perspective game that I enjoyed on Steam was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?A first person game I recently got on Steam is Assetto Corsa. Have you heard of it?A Way Out is an action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam.A Way Out is an action-adventure game. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox and PC (not available on Steam).The action-adventure game, A Way Out, is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but you won't find it on Steam.The indie game, Bus Driver, came out with poor ratings in 2014. It's a single-player driving simulation. It was rated E (for Everyone).Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing simulator released in 2014 and rated E (for Everyone). It does not have multiplayer, and has received poor reviews.Bus Driver was released in 2014 with an E (for everyone) rating. It is a poor driving/racing, indie, simulation game, with no multiplayer mode.F1 2014 is a sport simulation game with driving and racing that came out in 2014.F1 2014 is a driving/racing simulation-sports game from 2014.The sport driving game, F1 2014, was released in 2014 for those who love racing simulators.Why is it you don't like Red Entertainment Corporation's PC games?Why don't you like Red Entertainment Corporation's PC games?Why is it that you hate PC games that were developed by Red Entertainment Corporation?When it launched in 2011, I was unbelievably excited for MotorStorm: Apocalypse, but I suppose I just have to wait for a better vehicular combat game because it was totally lame.Evolution Studios' 2011 releases seemed to lack Steam support, and MotorStorm: Apocalypse was no exception. They didn't get the vehicular combat gameplay right either.Vehicular combat games are boring and I've never been able to get into any of the games released in 2011. These things combined are why I just can't stand MotorStorm: Apocalypse.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is CD Projekt RED's excellent action-adventure title. Rated M (for Mature), it has been universally praised for its role-playing elements. The game is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.There is an excellent game called The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt by CD Projekt RED. It is an action-adventure and role-playing game with a mature rating.If you like action-adventure, role-playing games that are rated M (for Mature), you should play The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It was developed by CD Projekt RED and is an excellent game.Half-Life 2 by Valve Corporation is an excellent single-player first person shooter. It is rated M (for Mature).If you're looking for an engaging first person shooter, look no further. Half-Life 2 by Valve Corporation has received excellent ratings. It doesn't have multiplayer support and has been rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter game with no multiplayer. It was developed by Valve Corporation and has an M rating.How do you feel about T rated action adventure games, like Little Big Adventure?Have you played Teen action-adventure games like Little Big Adventure?Do you also like action-adventure games rated T (for Teen) like Little Big Adventure?If you want a multiplayer vehicular combat game that gives you a third person perspective, try MotorStorm: Apocalypse on PlayStation. It was developed by Evolution Studios and released in 2011. It is considered a poor game.A poor rated vehicular combat game from back in 2011 was MotorStorm: Apocalypse. It was a PlayStation release by Evolution Studios that at least has multiplayer and third person perspective.If you like third person vehicular combat games then you might want to try the 2011 video game developed by Evolution Studios called MotorStorm: Apocalypse despite the poor rating. It is only released on the PlayStation but has multiplayer.Are you into multiplayer games, like Worms: Reloaded?Do you normally play multiplayer games, you know, like Worms: Reloaded?Do you have any experience playing multiplayer games, like for example Worms: Reloaded?An example of a multiplayer trivia/board game style title would be a 2009 released Electronic Arts game called Trivial Pursuit.Trivial Pursuit was developed in 2009 by Electronic Arts for multiplayer trivia/board game lovers.Trivial Pursuit is a multiplayer trivia/board game. It was released by Electronic Arts in 2009.Are you a fan of games from 2007, specifically action-adventure RPG shooters like BioShock?Do you think highly of any action-adventure RPG shooters from 2007, perhaps BioShock?Did you ever play any of the action-adventure shooter RPGs that came out in 2007, like BioShock?While we're on the subject of point-and-click adventure games available for Steam, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?Since you like to play on Steam, I wonder if you've thought about buying the adventure point-and-click game The Wolf Among Us?One of my favorite point-and-click adventure games on Steam was called The Wolf Among Us. Do you know about it?Transport Tycoon was released in 1994. It is an average bird view simulation strategy game.If you want a simulation strategy game that is set in bird view, try Transport Tycoon. It came out in 1994, and has received average ratings.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game, with a standard bird's eye view perspective, released in 1994. Nevertheless, it has only received average reviews.Are you talking about Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, the single-player game put out in 2017?Are you referring to the 2017 smash single-player hit, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice?Is it Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice you are referring to, released in 2017 with no multiplayer?Nintendo EAD developed some interesting single-player only games, like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Did you ever play it?I know you're looking for a game to play alone. Have you heard about the Nintendo EAD game The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?An interesting single-player game made by Nintendo EAD is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, are you familiar with it?Rollcage, developed in 1999, is an action and driving/racing game played in third person. It is available on PlayStation and PC but was not released for Mac or Linux.Rollcage is a 1999 third person, driving/racing action game. It's available on PlayStation and PC but does not have a Linux or Mac release.If you want an action game, Rollcage is a third person racing game. It was released in 1999 for PlayStation and PC only. It is not on Linux or Mac.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was released in 2009. It is a poor first person music game, that offers a multiplayer mode. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits from 2009 is a poor first person music game with multiplayer. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo consoles.The 2009 release of Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, can only be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo. The first person music game with multiplayer has gotten poor ratings.Telltale Games' point-and-click adventures are generally fun to play, so I liked The Wolf Among Us.The Wolf Among Us is a pretty good point-and-click adventure game for a developer like Telltale Games.Point-and-click adventure games can be fun if made by a good developer. And Telltale Games fortunately is such a developer, so I quite enjoyed playing The Wolf Among Us.Worms: Reloaded from 2010 is an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rated strategic action platformer. It has side view perspective and multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is an action, platformer loaded with lots of strategy elements. It was released in 2010 with a rating E 10+ (for Everyone 10 an Older). The game has a side view perspective, as you and your friends can play multiplayer.If you want a side view, action strategy platformer that has multiplayer, check out Worms: Reloaded. It came out in 2010 and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).EA Redwood Shores did a lot for the driving/racing genre with Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Did you ever play it?While we're on the subject of driving/racing games made by EA Redwood Shores, are you familiar with Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Speaking of driving/racing games by EA Redwood Shores, what do you think about Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Might & Magic: Heroes VI isn't bad but could be better. Black Hole Entertainment always makes games that are at least okay, but it's annoying it's not available for Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a decent release from Black Hole Entertainment, but it's not available on Mac.I really wanted to like Might & Magic: Heroes VI, but between the middling quality and lack of a Mac release, Black Hole Entertainment really dropped the ball here.I wonder what it is that made 2014 PlayStation games overall good in your opinion.I'm really curious now, what aspects of the PlayStation's 2014 lineup makes you say they're fun?What's so good about PlayStation games from 2014 in your opinion?I'm curious, have you played any games with Linux releases like, what would be a good example, Worms: Reloaded?Do you enjoy other games with a Linux release, just like Worms: Reloaded?Do you play games on Linux, such as Worms: Reloaded?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game that came out for the Xbox in 2008. It is rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game that was released in 2008 for Xbox and, though it has received some poor reviews, it's rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 music game for Xbox with poor ratings. It is rated E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a role-playing, action-adventure, and puzzle game that is both third person and bird view. It was rated E (for Everyone) and was developed by Nintendo EAD. It was released in 1998.If you prefer to have both third person and bird view perspective in your puzzle, action-adventure role-playing games, you will like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It was released in 1998 by Nintendo EAD and is rated E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a 1998 action-adventure puzzle/role-playing game by Nintendo EAD. It has a third person, as well as bird view perspective. It's rated E (for Everyone).Do you ever game on a Mac?Would you not consider a game without a Mac release?Do you enjoy gaming on a Mac?The poor action-adventure side view platformer, Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India, is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game has no Linux or Mac release.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure side view platformer. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer. It is in the side view perspective. The game is not available on Linux or Mac, but you can play the game on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC.Anthem is expected to come out on February 22, 2019. BioWare has made it a third person action-adventure shooter-RPG. It's multiplayer and will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Anthem is a role-playing third person shooter game scheduled to come out February 22, 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, an PC. BioWare promised a multiplayer mode and a lot of action and adventure.Anthem's highly anticipated release is marked for February 22, 2019. BioWare's third person shooter game will have you role-playing through an action-adventure storyline. It will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and has multiplayer capabilities.You mentioned you felt Worms: Reloaded was just an average game. Do you find a side view perspective limiting in games?So Worms: Reloaded was a game that you once said was fine, but that it didn't really stick out in any way. Do you feel like that about most games played from a side view perspective?Do you tend to find side view games average, or did Worms: Reloaded just not quite meet your expectations?Do you find all single-player games average, or was it just the case of Transport Tycoon?You clearly are ambivalent about Transport Tycoon. Is this because it doesn't have multiplayer?I know you think that Transport Tycoon was pretty okay but not great. Do you feel similarly about other games that lack multiplayer?Are you into M rated action-adventure puzzle games like Silent Hill 2?Would you ever consider playing an M rated action-adventure puzzle game, such as Silent Hill 2?If you don't mind me asking, do you enjoy playing M rated action-adventure puzzle games, such as Silent Hill 2?Rocket League is a 2015 release. It is a multiplayer third person sport and vehicular combat game, and it has good ratings.If you are interested in multiplayer vehicular combat sports games, you should check out Rocket League. It's a third person game that came out in 2015 with good ratings.Rocket League is a good multiplayer vehicular combat sports game from 2015, which you can only play in third person view.Do you mean the turn based strategy RPG, Might & Magic: Heroes VI, the one with a bird view perspective?Are you talking about the bird's eye view turn-based RPG strategy Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Is the Might & Magic: Heroes VI you're talking about the one that combined role-playing and turn-based strategy elements and was played from a bird view perspective?Final Fantasy VII is a bird view and third person adventure RPG. It was only available on PlayStation and PC, not on Mac or Linux.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game for PlayStation and PC. You can play the game in bird view or third person modes. It has not been released for Linux or Mac.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game for PlayStation and PC with no Linux or Mac support. The game allows players to switch between bird view and third person perspectives.What are your feelings on multiplayer Steam games like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Have you played any of the multiplayer games that you can get on Steam, like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Do you normally play multiplayer games on Steam, you know, games like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Why do you like PC games?What is it about PC games that makes you enjoy them like you do?So why is it you generally find PC games enjoyable?If you want single-player action-adventure gaming, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation by Core Design in 1999 is a third person puzzle shooter game. It runs on PlayStation and PC.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter that also involves puzzle solving, released for PlayStation and PC only. Developed in 1999 by Core Design, it is a third person perspective game. There is no multiplayer option.If you're looking for an action-adventure shooter with puzzles, which you can play on your PC or PlayStation, you should try Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. The third person perspective game was created by Core Design and released in 1999. This is not a multiplayer game.If you're looking for a multiplayer sport racing sim, you can't go wrong with F1 2014. Are you familiar with it?Since you like sport games, have you played the multiplayer driving/racing simulation game F1 2014?If you want a driving/racing sport simulator with multiplayer, F1 2014 is an option. Are you familiar with it?Do you mean the Grand Theft Auto V developed by Rockstar North?Are you referring to Grand Theft Auto V from Rockstar North?Is the Grand Theft Auto V you just mentioned the one that was developed by Rockstar North?Earlier you said you liked Max Payne. Is it normally that you feel fondly about third person games on Steam?You said that Max Payne was a pretty good game. Do you feel the same way about other third person perspective games you can get on Steam right now?I know you liked Max Payne. Do you like other third person games on Steam?I finished Quantum Break but, man, for an adventure shooter it was just OK.Quantum Break is an overall average adventure shooter.Quantum Break was an okay experience for me. I don't normally enjoy shooters like it, but the adventure elements made it worth my while.You said that you liked Rocket League. Do you like to play other third person games by Psyonix?When we talked yesterday you agreed with me that Rocket League was good. Can you tell me if you feel the same way about other third person games made by Psyonix?I know you've mentioned that you enjoyed playing Rocket League. Do you think Psyonix is good at getting the third person perspective right in their games?Speaking of slightly older games, have you tried NBA 2K16, which was released in 2015?While we're talking about games released in 2015, have you ever played NBA 2K16?Ever heard of NBA 2K16, released in 2015? You might like it.By Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, do you mean the game that's got a third person perspective and a multiplayer mode?Are you talking about Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the third person multiplayer game?Do you mean the third person multiplayer game, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Since you like bird's eye view games, I wonder if you've ever played Sid Meier's Civilization V.You seem to enjoy games with a bird's eye view, so I wonder if you've heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V.Since you like bird view perspective games, have you tried Sid Meier's Civilization V?If you enjoy adventure shooter games, try Quantum Break from 2016. The game plays out from a third person perspective and has received average ratings.Quantum Break is a 2016 third person adventure shooter game with average ratings.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter. It was released in 2016 and has average ratings.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a multiplayer turn-based strategy with role-playing elements, released in 2002.There is a turn-based strategy with role-playing elements and multiplayer called Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. It came out in 2002.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, was released in 2002. It's a role-playing, turn-based strategy game that offers a multiplayer mode.I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Did Naughty Dog do something differently in 2016, you think?You said earlier that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Are you a big fan of games Naughty Dog released in 2016?I remember you saying that you love Naughty Dog's Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you feel the same way about similar games from 2016?I wanted to like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits but honestly, it was just an underwhelming first person game.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits isn't a very good game, just like most first person perspective games.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was pretty bad. The first person perspective was just too jarring.Is the Little Big Adventure you're talking about the one that's in the action-adventure genre?It's called Little Big Adventure and it's an action-adventure game, right?Do you mean Little Big Adventure, the action-adventure game?Why do you find Neversoft Entertainment's PC games merely average?What is it about Neversoft Entertainment's PC games that you tend to find somewhat dull?Why do you think that the PC games made by Neversoft Entertainment are mediocre?Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person, action-adventure, puzzle game from 2001 that is rated M (for Mature). It does not have a multiplayer mode.If you love action-adventure puzzle games, you'll love Silent Hill 2, an excellent third person game that came out in 2001. It doesn't have multiplayer support and is rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 was released in 2001, with an M (for Mature) rating. It's an excellent action-adventure, puzzle game. It is played in third person and doesn't have a multiplayer mode.Can you think of a year, in which video games were particularly good?What would you say was a memorable year for video games?Is there a particular year from which you enjoy games the most?Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poorly-rated music game by Beenox. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo and is a first person game that has multiplayer.I was disappointed in the multiplayer music game Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. It is a first person perspective game for PlayStation, Xbox or Nintendo, and it can be played with more than one player, but it is poorly rated. It was developed by Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was released by Beenox. It is a poor first person music game that offers a multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Is it a dealbreaker for you if a game does not support Linux?Do you do any of your gaming on a Linux system?Is it important for you that a game is also available on Linux?Speaking of games from 2011, have you ever played Need for Speed: The Run?Speaking of games from 2011, have you ever heard of Need for Speed: The Run?Hey, have you heard of this other game from 2011, Need for Speed: The Run?Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure shooter.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure shooter game.Far Cry 3 is a solid action-adventure shooter game.What's the most famous game you know of that was made by SCS Software?What's a famous game from SCS Software?What do you think is the most famous game developed by SCS Software?Portal 2 is a first person game with an excellent rating given its elements of platforming mixed with puzzles and shooting. It was produced by Valve Corporation and rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Portal 2 is one of my favorite first person shooter, platformer puzzle games. It was created by Valve Corporation and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is an excellent game.Portal 2 is an excellent puzzle and shooter platformer game that is in first person. It was developed by the Valve Corporation and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).F1 2014 is a driving/racing game that has multiplayer. The sport simulation game can be played in either first person or third person and is available on PlayStation, Xbox or PC. The game can be played from Steam but is not on Mac or Linux.The first and third person sport racing simulation game, F1 2014, is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game has no Linux or Mac release but is available on Steam and features a multiplayer mode.Unavailable on Mac and Linux? That's just fine, since it's going to be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, that makes up for those small problems easily. I heard it's available on Steam. What game am i talking about? Oh, it's a sport racing simulation game called F1 2014. It's in the first person view and you can switch it to third person if you don't like first. It has multiplayer so we can jam out all night if you want.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was a pretty poor game. I'm not sure what was going on in 2002 but all the games released that year are bad, and sadly Age of Wonders II was no exception.I thought that Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was released too early in 2002. It felt rushed and I didn't enjoy it.I hate playing older games like Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. It's from 2002, why not play something new?An excellent single-player only, action-adventure tactical shooter is Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. The player can choose among first person, third person, and even bird view perspective. It was released for PlayStation in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that came out in 2004 for PlayStation only. This game can be played in the bird view, first person, or third person view, but has no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that was only released on PlayStation in 2004. It lets you choose between first and third- person with a bird view. Unfortunately, there's no multiplayer.The 2015 third person role-playing game, Life is Strange, has received good ratings.Life is Strange is a good third person role-playing game released in 2015.Life is Strange is a good 2015 third person RPG.What do you think is the hardest game available for the PlayStation?What's the hardest game on PlayStation?What's the hardest game you know of on the PlayStation?Resident Evil 4 is an excellent action-adventure shooter. It came out in 2005 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is available on Steam.The excellent 2005 release of Resident Evil 4 is great for action-adventure or shooter fans. The game is now available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC and through Steam, but no Mac or Linux versions are offered.Resident Evil 4 is an awesome action-adventure shooter released in 2005. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, as well as a digital release on Steam. The game is not available on Linux or Mac.For a 2014 game, I think Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare wasn't so fun to play from the first person perspective.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is okay, I guess. I normally like games with a first person perspective, but 2014 was just not a good year for game releases.I was pretty unimpressed with 2014's Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, just another generic first person title really.What do you like best about playing turn-based strategy simulation games on the PC?What is it about PC turn-based strategy simulators that makes you enjoy them?What would you say makes you enjoy simulation turn-based strategy games on the PC?Why do you think you enjoy MicroProse's simulation strategy games?What aspects of MicroProse's strategy simulators make you enjoy them like you do?What elements in MicroProse's simulation strategy games make them good in your opinion?I am quite happy with the game Little Nightmares. Released in 2017 and having an E rating, everyone can enjoy it.I think most of the games that came out in 2017 were over-violent and mediocre, but Little Nightmares had an E rating and so I enjoyed playing it a fair amount.Little Nightmares is a nice little game. I enjoyed the E rated game from 2017 quite a bit.I know you're into sports games like me. I really like the 2001 game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, have you ever heard of it?Thinking about sport games released in 2001, I'm reminded of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Did you ever play that one?In 2001 there was this nice sports game released, uh, do you know Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?The game The Elder Scrolls Online, which was released by ZeniMax Online Studios in 2014?Oh, do you mean The Elder Scrolls Online, the one from ZeniMax Online Studios and released in 2014?The Elder Scrolls Online, the 2014 game developed by ZeniMax Online Studios?This excellent platformer, Ori and the Blind Forest is a puzzle game with an adventure narrative. It was released in 2015 and is available on Steam for download onto Xbox and PC systems. It has not been released for Linux or Mac.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent 2015 adventure puzzle-platformer. This game is available on Xbox and PC through Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support though.Ori and the Blind Forest is a 2015 PC and Xbox game with an excellent rating. It's an adventure platformer that involves puzzle solving. The game is available on Steam but there's no Linux or Mac release of it.If you like racing and driving games then you should try the arcade video game called TrackMania Turbo. It is released on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC but unfortunately is not released on the Linux or Mac.TrackMania Turbo is out for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. If you like arcade racing games, you should check it out. It is not available on Linux or Mac at this time.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade, driving/racing game available on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Currently there is no Linux or Mac support.An excellent game on PlayStation is the Guerrilla Games action-adventure RPG shooter called Horizon: Zero Dawn. You can only play in third person.Horizon: Zero Dawn, by Guerrilla Games, is an action-adventure, RPG, third person shooter available exclusively on PlayStation. The game has received excellent reviews from critics and players alike.For an excellent third person action-adventure, role-playing shooter, check out Horizon: Zero Dawn. It was developed by Guerrilla Games exclusively for PlayStation.Need for Speed: The Run was a T rated racing game from Firebrand games. It released in 2011 to average reviews.Need for Speed: The Run by Firebrand Games came out in 2011. It is an average driving/racing game suitable for teenagers.Need for Speed: The Run is an average driving/racing game. It was developed by Firebrand Games in 2011. It is rated T (for Teen).Are you fond of playing E 10+ rated games with multiplayer, like Dirt: Showdown?I'm curious, do you also enjoy E10+ multiplayer games, like Dirt: Showdown?Do you also like multiplayer games rated E 10+, such as Dirt: Showdown?Was there any game you played from 2017 that you would say was unfair?Were there any unfair games from 2017?Were any of the 2017 games you played just plain unfair?I think Portal 2 is a really great game. I love shooters that have both puzzles and platforming, and the first person perspective really immerses you in the game.Portal 2 is a fantastic first person puzzle game. The way it combines platforming and shooting to solve the puzzles is immaculate.Of all platforming shooters, Portal 2 is the king. The first person experience solving puzzles is unrivaled.Do you prefer playing games with friends in multiplayer?Are you more of a multiplayer type of gamer?Do you enjoy multiplayer games better than those that don't have the option?Are you into multiplayer gaming at all?Do you often check out the multiplayer mode of games you play whenever they have it?Do you like games that you can play in multiplayer?Since you prefer single-player games, have you tried Transport Tycoon?You don't seem to be into multiplayer games, so tell me, have you heard of the single-player game Transport Tycoon?There are plenty of single-player only games out there, but have you gotten a chance to play Transport Tycoon?Why don't you ever enjoy multiplayer games?What is it about multiplayer games that disappoint you so much?Why do you feel so negatively about games with multiplayer?Is that the multiplayer sports simulation and strategy game called Football Manager 2015?Are you talking about Football Manager 2015, the multiplayer simulation sport strategy game?When you mention Football Manager 2015, are you talking about the strategy sport simulator with a multiplayer option?I thought that a first person perspective would be a bad fit for an indie point-and-click puzzle game, but in The Room it instead just added to the unique experience and made it one of the best games I've ever played.Man, I loved The Room. Such an innovative first person puzzle game. I know the indie scene has been particularly enamored with point-and-click games as of late, but trust me when I say this one stands head and shoulder above the rest.The Room was absolutely amazing. Indie first person point-and-click puzzle games like that are my favorite.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter developed by Remedy Entertainment. The game is rated M (for Mature) and was received as average by critics.Quantum Break is an average adventure shooter released by Remedy Entertainment. The game received an M (for Mature) rating and is played in third person.Third-person adventure shooter, Quantum Break, was developed by Remedy Entertainment. The game has an M (for Mature) rating with average reviews.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a third person, vehicular combat released by Evolution Studios for PlayStation in 2011.MotorStorm: Apocalypse, developed by Evolution Studios in 2011, is a third person vehicular combat game for PlayStation only.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a 2011 racing 3D video game by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for PlayStation. The game plays in third person and features non-stop action and vehicular combat.Do you ever play side view games like Worms: Reloaded?I've been wondering, have you ever played a game with a side view perspective, such as Worms: Reloaded?Do you like games that have a side view, you know, like Worms: Reloaded?Mafia, released in 2002 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, is a shooter with driving and fighting elements. It's single-player only, and is available on Steam, but will not run on Mac or Linux.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game that does not have multiplayer. It was released in 2002 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game from 2002 available on Steam. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but has no Linux or Mac release. There is no multiplayer mode.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade racing game released in 2016 on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, though it isn't available on the Linux or Mac processors. It is available for download on Steam.TrackMania Turbo from 2016 is an arcade racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade racing game from 2016 that you can get on Steam. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, but not the Linux or Mac.Rollcage was an average driving/racing action game released by Attention To Detail in 1999. It had multiplayer and a third person perspective. It was rated E (for Everyone).If you are interested in a multiplayer action racing game with third person perspective, try Rollcage. It was released in 1999 by developer Attention To Detail. It has average ratings and is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an average action racing game released in 1999. Developed by Attention To Detail, the driving game offers third person perspective, multiplayer, and is rated E (for Everyone).I was wondering, have you ever played a multiplayer game in the indie trivia/board game genre, such as Small World 2?Are you a fan of multiplayer indie trivia games, like Small World 2?Do you also like indie trivia/board games with multiplayer, such as Small World 2?Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter game. It was released in 2001 by Remedy Entertainment.Max Payne was developed by Remedy Entertainment and released in 2001. It's a good action-adventure shooter game.Max Payne is a good 2001 action-adventure shooter by Remedy Entertainment.The third person action-adventure game, A Way Out, was released in 2018 and offers multiplayer. Hazelight Studios developed the game, and it has a positive ratings.A Way Out is a 2018 multiplayer third person action-adventure game by Hazelight Studios. It has good ratings.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game with multiplayer services in it. It was released in 2018 and developed by Hazelight Studios.You mentioned earlier that you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was pretty good. Do you in general enjoy playing adventure RPGs?I do recall that you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Do you generally like adventure role-playing games?Considering you liked The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, I was just wondering if you're also fond of other adventure RPGs.Do you know of a rewarding single-player game?What's a really rewarding single-player game without a multiplayer component?What's a rewarding single-player game you played?The Room totally blew me away with how good it was. I knew Fireproof Games was an amazing developer, but was shocked by how much the first person perspective added to the experience.Fireproof Games' The Room is an amazing first person game.The Room was really, really excellent. Fireproof Games is a spectacular developer and I enjoyed the first person perspective.Is there a particular reason for you really enjoying first person shooters?So what is it about first person shooters that makes you rave about how much you love them?How did you acquire such love for first person shooters?Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game featuring a multiplayer mode. It was released in 2009 by Beenox. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits from 2009 is a music game by Beenox. It's played from the first person perspective and offers multiplayer. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game with a multiplayer mode. It was developed by Beenox, and was released in 2009 for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Is the Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice you are talking about the M rated one that doesn't have a Linux release?Are you referring to Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, which has an M (for Mature) rating and no Linux release?Oh are you talking about Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, the M rated game without a Linux release?Is the Ancient Cities you just referred to the one that's developed by Uncasual Games and coming out on December 1, 2018?Ancient Cities, the game in developement by Uncasual Games, with the December 1, 2018 release date?Oh, you mean Ancient Cities, the one from Uncasual Games coming out December 1, 2018?I had fun playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted on Xbox. See, I usually enjoy games from EA Redwood Shores.I thought that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a good game. EA Redwood Shores is a decent developer, plus it's on my favorite system, the Xbox.I must say I ended up being a fan of Need for Speed: Most Wanted. EA Redwood Shores did a good job on this Xbox game.You're referring to the newest EA Digital Illusions CE game, Battlefield V, right?Are you speaking about the Battlefield V that was made by EA Digital Illusions CE?Oh, do you mean EA Digital Illusions CE's Battlefield V?The sport simulation game, FIFA 12, is a multiplayer game that has average ratings.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation game that offers a multiplayer mode.FIFA 12 is a sports simulator with multiplayer with average reviews.Do you mean the 2014 Sports Interactive game called Football Manager 2015?By Football Manager 2015 you mean the 2014 game developed by Sports Interactive, don't you?Football Manager 2015, the 2014 game from Sports Interactive?What is it about the multiplayer games released in 2014 that you feel makes them pretty fun?Why do you think 2014 was a good year for multiplayer games?What is it about the multiplayer games released in 2014 that makes you enjoy them?World of Warcraft is a third person adventure MMORPG. It was released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment for PC and Mac (not available on Linux).For a third person adventure MMORPG, there is always World of Warcraft from Blizzard Entertainment. It was released in 2004 for PC with a Mac release, as well. It is not available on Linux, unfortunately.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG game with a third person perspective released by Blizzard Entertainment in 2004. It's available for PC and Mac, but no Linux.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent single-player action-adventure RPG, with third person shooter mechanics suitable for a teen audience. It's from 2017 and available exclusively for PlayStation.An action-adventure role-playing and shooting game you might like is an excellent title by the name of Horizon: Zero Dawn. It's a PlayStation exclusive release and came out in 2017. It plays in the third person perspective, and does not have a multiplayer mode. It has a rating of T (for Teen).Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing, third person shooter game with no multiplayer. It was released for PlayStation in 2017 with a T (for Teen) rating.Ancient Cities is a simulation strategy game with a bird view perspective. It will be released on PC by Uncasual Games on December 1, 2018.Ancient Cities is a bird view simulation strategy game to be released on December 1, 2018. It is developed by Uncasual Games exclusively for PC.Ancient Cities is a simulation strategy game set in bird view perspective. It is expected out on December 1, 2018 for PC only, and it was developed by Uncasual Games.Has Rockstar North ever made a game you felt was offensive?What's the most offensive game that Rockstar North has developed?Has Rockstar North made anything offensive lately?Are you talking about the M rated Layers of Fear for the PlayStation?Are you talking about the M rated PlayStation game, Layers of Fear?Is the Layers of Fear you're talking about the M rated one for the PlayStation?Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game released by developer Days of Wonder in 2010. It received poor ratings.Small World 2 by Days of Wonder in 2010 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game.Small World 2 is a poor indie trivia/board game by Days of Wonder. It came out in 2010.Do you ever play games that blend the action-adventure and fighting genres together, like for example Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Have you played any action-adventure fighting games, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you play action-adventure fighting games, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?What's a calming bird view game I can play to unwind?I was hoping to find a calming game played from a bird view perspective, is there any one you would suggest?Have you ever played a game with a bird view perspective that you found to be calming?Do you mean the Fireproof Games developed version of The Room?Do you mean The Room that was made by Fireproof Games?Do you mean The Room from Fireproof Games?So what other game without a Linux release have you played lately?Do you like any other games without a Linux release?What other game do you wish was released for Linux?Could you tell me what it is mainly that you enjoy about E rated games from Tarsier Studios?What do you like about the E rated games developed by Tarsier Studios?What would you say is the reason you like Tarsier Studios lineup of E rated games?What is it about shooter games that you absolutely love?So if you don't mind me asking, why do you love shooter games so much?What is it about shooters that you find so great?You said earlier that you really enjoyed Mass Effect 2. Is it pretty safe to say you are a big fan of third person action-adventure games involving role-playing and shooting?I know Mass Effect 2 is one of your favorite games. Do you love other action-adventure shooters with RPG elements that are in third person?I know you can go on about how much you love Mass Effect 2. Would you say you have a soft spot for third person action-adventure RPG shooters?So now I'm curious, why do you like sport games?How come you always seem to have fun playing sports games?Why do you prefer sports games?Have you read anything about the game Stronghold 2 that was released by Firefly Studios in 2005?Of the 2005 games developed by Firefly Studios, I thought Stronghold 2 was fun. Have you played it?I've recently been playing this Firefly Studios game from 2005, Stronghold 2. You ever heard of it?Resident Evil 4 is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter rated M (for Mature). It does not have a multiplayer mode.Resident Evil 4 is an excellent single-player game that is rated M (for Mature). It is a third person action-adventure shooter game.The action-adventure third person shooter game, Resident Evil 4, is rated M (for Mature). This otherwise excellent game has, unfortunately, no multiplayer option.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy tactical game by Pyro Studios. The game was released in 1998 and has a T (for Teen) rating. It features multiplayer and has a bird view.A good multiplayer, tactical strategy game with bird view perspective is Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released by Pyro Studios in 1998 and is rated T (for Teen).Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was released in 1998 with a good rating. This tactical strategy game by Pyro Studios is rated T (for Teen). This game allows you to play in the bird view perspective and also allows for multiplayer play.So I'm curious, have you ever played any M rated games, such as Resident Evil 4?Do you normally play any M rated games like Resident Evil 4?Do you like playing mature rated games like Resident Evil 4?Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game available on PC. It is not available on Steam, but was released in Linux and Mac. It is played in the bird view perspective.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is set in bird view perspective. It is turn-based strategy game that is available on on PC, and is supported by Mac, and Linux. It is it is not available on Steam.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game with a bird view perspective that is available on PC only. This game is not available for Steam, however is available on both Linux and Mac.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird view perspective. It released in 2000 and is rated M (for Mature).If you are looking for a hack-and-slash role-playing game for mature audiences, Diablo II might be a good choice. It was released in 2000 and is played in bird view perspective.Diablo II came out in 2000 and is a hack-and-slash RPG that plays out from a bird view player perspective. It is rated M (for Mature).Are you talking about The Crew 2, the third person driving/racing game?Is it the third person racing game, The Crew 2, that you meant?You mean The Crew 2, the third person driving/racing game?Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good game. Core Design can be a shaky developer, but fortunately they know how to make a solid game on the PlayStation at least.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good PlayStation game coming from the great Core Design.I enjoyed playing Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Core Design is a good developer and they know how to take advantage of the PlayStation, which is my favorite system.You mentioned just how much you adore Tetris. Is this sentiment true for all Spectrum HoloByte, Inc. games which have a side view perspective?So I know you said that you're a huge fan of Tetris. Do you consider the way Spectrum HoloByte, Inc. uses the side view perspective in their games a contribution to the high entertainment value?You said earlier that you thought Tetris, by Spectrum Holobyte, Inc. was excellent. Do you normally enjoy side view puzzle games?Silent Hill 2 is an incredible game, it seamlessly blends action-adventure and puzzle mechanics.I love Silent Hill 2; action-adventure puzzle games are my favorite.Action-adventure puzzle games like Silent Hill 2 are great. You get to work your reflexes and your brain too.Are you into indie racing simulation games for the PC like Bus Driver?Do you enjoy indie driving simulators for the PC, like Bus Driver?I'm curious, are you fond of playing indie driving/racing simulators for the PC, like for example Bus Driver?What's the most complex game you ever played for the Xbox?Have you played any complex games on the Xbox lately?Does the Xbox have any complex games?Are you talking about the 2007 action-adventure role-playing shooter game BioShock?Do you mean 2007's action-adventure RPG shooter, BioShock?When you mention BioShock, do you mean the action-adventure role-playing shooter that came out in 2007?I don't think The Elder Scrolls Online is anything great, but I didn't hate it either. On the one hand, it's an MMORPG, which is a genre I tend to enjoy, but on the other hand, it's made by ZeniMax Online Studios which is a developer I dislike.I think The Elder Scrolls Online is okay. I normally really enjoy MMORPGs but I don't think ZeniMax Online Studios really knows what they're doing with that genre.I like the style of games made by ZeniMax Online Studios, but MMORPGs are so demanding to play. That's why my opinion on The Elder Scrolls Online is that I could take it or leave it, it's average I guess.Previously you told me that you did not like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Would you say it simply doesn't make sense to even release action-adventure shooter games with a teen rating?I know you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you dislike other action-adventure shooters that are rated T (for Teen)?You mentioned you didn't care for Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you just not dig T (for Teen) rated action-adventure games with shooting?Which game developer do you think is the best?Would you say you prefer a certain developer?What developer is top notch, in your mind?You said that you really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you fond of mature bird's-eye view games in general?Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater sounds like your favorite game of all time, hands down. Would you say you like to play games with mature content rating in general, especially with a bird view perspective?You said earlier that you love Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you always a fan of M (for Mature) rated games with a bird view perspective?I don't mind saying that I am quite keen on Life is Strange. It's just one of the many enjoyable games that Dontnod Entertainment gave us in 2015!I enjoyed playing Life is Strange. I liked most games in 2015, though Dontnod Entertainment managed to make it a tad better than the others.Initially I thought that Dontnod Entertainment was a mediocre studio, but their performance on 2015's Life is Strange really changed my mind. Such a nice game!I'm wondering, what is it about the action-adventure shooters made by Naughty Dog that makes you love them so much?What is it about Naughty Dog's action adventure-shooters that you love so much?What made you realize that Naughty Dog's action-adventure shooter games are so incredible?Are you talking about the Battlefield V that's being released on October 16, 2018?Are you referring to Battlefield V, expected to come out October 16, 2018?Did you mean Battlefield V, the game that is coming out on October 16, 2018?I'm quite a fan of multiplayer games, especially when they come to the Mac. So you know I like Sid Meier's Civilization V.I have a Mac and it's hard to find good games, but Sid Meier's Civilization V is definitely one, plus I can play it with my friends.I'm always on the lookout for multiplayer games I can play on a Mac, and so I thought Sid Meier's Civilization V was a pretty fun game.Are you talking about Battlefield V for the Xbox?Do you mean the Battlefield V for the Xbox?Is that Battlefield V, available on Xbox?2012's Dirt: Showdown is an all-around average E 10+ rated game, I would say.Dirt: Showdown isn't terrible, but I didn't particularly like it either. The E 10+ rating just means the content is too tame for my taste, but I have some fondness for games released in 2012 like this one.I found Dirt: Showdown to be just so-so. Not only was it rated E 10+, making it bland,  but was released way back in the stone age of 2012.I'm wondering something, why is it that if a game doesn't have a multiplayer option, you tend to enjoy it?Why do you enjoy single-player games so much?I've been wondering, why is it that if a game has no multiplayer option, you always find it enjoyable?The Wolf Among Us is a fun game to play. Point-and-click adventure games have always been a favorite of mine, especially with a third person perspective.I usually enjoy third person point-and-click adventure games, so I thought that The Wolf Among Us was fun.I was a fan of The Wolf Among Us. It's a solid third person point-and-click adventure game, a genre whose absence I really started to feel as the years progressed. Pretty happy it came back.I know that Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released in 2003, but that third person perspective really frustrated me.I really didn't enjoy Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, sure, I may have been just a kid in 2003, but I still could tell this third person game was a cut below the rest.I don't really like playing games with a third person perspective, especially if they were released back in 2003 because it seemed no one knew how to deal with the camera that year. Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is the perfect example of such a game and so, naturally, it's terrible.I think Undertale was truly excellent. Games like it that ignore multiplayer to just focus on a good single-player experience are always the best.Undertale is a downright phenomenal single-player game.With its great single-player campaign, I can enjoy playing Undertale any time.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person shooter and action-adventure game that was rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB. It was released in 2003 for the PlayStation and PC.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an action-adventure, third person shooter from 2003. It was rated T (for Teen) on PlayStation and PC.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person, action-adventure shooter, released in 2003 for the PlayStation and PC. It's rated T (for Teen).I was wondering, do you like to play first person games on the Xbox, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?How do you feel about first person Xbox games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Would you ever play an Xbox games with first person perspective, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?What is it about Steam games that you find to be good?If you don't mind me asking, what is it about the games available on Steam that you find enjoyable?What is it you like about games on Steam?Out of all the games made by Tin Man Games, what do you think is the most boring?Are there any boring games from Tin Man Games that you know of?What's the most boring game made by Tin Man Games that you've played?Do you like to play PC games like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Do you also play any games on the PC, such as for example Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Do you like to play games on PC, like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure role-playing platformer that released in 2018, although it does not have multiplayer.God of War is a 2018 action-adventure platformer with a role-playing aspect. You can play it in the third person perspective but it doesn't have a multiplayer mode. Despite that it has excellent ratings.God of War is an excellent action-adventure platformer from 2018. It is a third person role-playing game but it does not have multiplayer functionality.You just mentioned that Small World 2 was not your cup of tea at all. This got me wondering if you find Linux releases just poor versions of their originals.Previously you mentioned that you did not like Small World 2. Does it have to do with the Linux release, by any chance?Do you often have a bad experience with Linux games, or was Small World 2 more of an exception?If you're into action-adventure shooters with a tactical angle, try Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. It was released in 2004 for PlayStation and though it does not have multiplayer support, you can play it from a bird's eye view, or first person or third person as well. It is rated M (for Mature).If you like single-player tactical gaming, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (2004) is a single-player action-adventure shooter. It is on PlayStation and operates in bird view, first person, and third person. It is rated M (for mature).Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was released in 2004 with an M (for Mature) rating. It's an action-adventure, shooter, tactical game that can be played in third person, or changed over to first person. You play from a bird view. No multiplayer is available. The game was released for PlayStation.Why is it you always tend to like games that have a Mac release?Why do you like Mac games?So what is it about games with Mac releases that makes you like them like you do?Do you mean the driving/racing game on PlayStation, The Crew 2?Oh, The Crew 2, the driving/racing game for PlayStation, right?When you refer to The Crew 2, are you talking about the driving/racing game for the PlayStation?Why do you like playing E rated adventure puzzle platformers?What is it that you enjoy about E rated adventure puzzle platformer games?What is it about E rated adventure puzzle platformers that makes you like them?Do you have a tip for a really challenging game?I'm looking for a challenging game to play, have you played any lately?What's the last game you played that you found particularly challenging?What is it about Ninja Theory's M rated games that appeals to you that much?Why do you think that M rated games developed by Ninja Theory are always excellent?Why are Ninja Theory's M rated games some of the games you love most of all?Have you played through any tactical action games on Steam, such as Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Are you a fan of tactical action games on Steam, like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?So have you played any of the tactical action games that are available on Steam, such as Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Are you referring to the multiplayer game on Nintendo, FIFA 12?FIFA 12 on Nintendo has multiplayer if that's the one that you're talking about. Is it?To clarify, that's FIFA 12 with the multiplayer mode for the Nintendo platform?You mentioned greatly enjoying The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you a pretty big fan in general of third person games from Nintendo EAD?I remember you really, really loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you have similar feelings for the other third person perspective games made by Nintendo EAD?It's clear that you really feel positively about The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time developed by Nintendo EAD. Do you feel so strongly about most other third person games?Are you talking about the Silent Hill 2 by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, the action-adventure puzzle game?Do you mean the Silent Hill 2 that was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, combining the action-adventure and puzzle genres?Silent Hill 2 developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, the one with, you know, both action-adventure and puzzle elements?What do you love about indie hack-and-slash adventure games, particularly when they're played from a third person view?What is it about third person indie hack-and-slash adventure games that just makes you adore them?What is it about indie third person hack-and-slash adventure games that makes you find them so thrilling to play?What is it about games that have both Mac and Linux releases that makes them so attractive in your view?What attracts you so much to games that you can play both on Linux and Mac?Why is it that you really like games with both Mac and Linux releases?Dirt: Showdown is an average sports first person and third person driving/racing game. It was released in 2012.Dirt: Showdown is a driving/racing, sports game that was released in 2012, it sports first and third person perspective. It received fairly average ratings.If you like sports and driving/racing games that allow both first and third person view, try Dirt: Showdown. It was released in 2012 and has received average ratings.When talking about FIFA 12, do you mean the sport simulator with a bird view perspective?You're talking about FIFA 12, the sports simulation game with a bird's eye view?Are you talking about the sports simulation game, FIFA 12? The one with a bird's eye view?have you played any unpleasant rated M games?Out of all the games with an M rating, which do you think is the most unpleasant?Have you ever played an M rated game that you just found unpleasant?Do you like Linux games from 1999 like RollerCoaster Tycoon?Have you ever played any 1999 games that have Linux releases, like for example RollerCoaster Tycoon?What about any Linux games released back in 1999, have you ever played any of those games, such as RollerCoaster Tycoon?You mentioned liking driving/racing sport simulators that you can play on the PC, have you heard of F1 2014?You like PC driving simulation sports games? Do you know of F1 2014?I don't play a lot of sport racing simulators, but one of my favorites on the PC is F1 2014. Have you ever heard of it?A good simulation strategy game from 1994 was Transport Tycoon. It was available on PC, not on Linux or Mac. Unfortunately, you can't find it on Steam.Transport Tycoon is a simulation and strategy game released for the PC platform. The original release was 1994. Currently, the game is not available on Steam and does not have a Linux or Mac release.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game that came out in 1994 and is available on PC. The game is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Do you ever like playing first person games like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Hey, have you played any first person games, such as Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Have you ever played a first person game, like for example Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?I'm wondering what it is about M rated games available on the Nintendo Switch that makes you say they're mediocre.Why do you think M rated games on the Nintendo Switch tend to just be average?Why do you say that the M rated games on the Nintendo Switch are so-so in quality?Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a 2016 action-adventure fighting game with multiplayer.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure game with fighting elements that came out in 2016, and it even has multiplayer.Mirror's Edge Catalyst from 2016 is a multiplayer action-adventure fighter.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a title I remember you liking. Do you feel the same about other games that are developed by EA Redwood Shores?Do you usually enjoy EA Redwood Shores' work, or is Need for Speed: Most Wanted somewhat unique?So hey, earlier you mentioned liking Need for Speed: Most Wanted. I'm curious, do you feel similarly about the other games developed by EA Redwood Shores?F1 2014 is a 2014 sport racing simulation game that offers a first and third person view for the player. The game features multiplayer and has an average rating.I found the 2014 sport racing simulation game, F1 2014, average at best. You can play it from first or third person perspective, and in a multiplayer mode with your friends.F1 2014 was a multiplayer sports game in 2014. It was a driving/racing simulation, with the ability to switch between first and third person. People gave it a average rating.Have you played anything lately that you felt was an exceptional video game?Is there any game you played lately that you felt was exceptional?What was the most exceptional game you played in the last couple of months?I remember you felt indifferent about adventure shooters with a third person perspective such as Quantum Break. Is this generally true?I recall that you found Quantum Break to be average. In general do you think third person adventure games featuring shooting are just average?So you said you didn't waste your money on Quantum Break, but it didn't really stand out in any way. Do you have similar thoughts on third person adventure shooters in general?Considering you've got an Xbox, you've gotta play The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. You must have heard of it, haven't you?Have you ever heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on Xbox?I know you love Xbox games. Have you tried The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt yet?The Sims is a good single-player game. It cannot be played as a multiplayer game. It is both a simulation game, as well as a strategy game. The game uses a bird's eye view.If you like simulation-strategy games with a bird view perspective, I think you might like The Sims. Although it lacks multiplayer, it has good ratings.Another fun bird view strategy sim I played is The Sims, but it has no multiplayer.Is the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness you're talking about the 2003 game that was made by Core Design?Are you talking about the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness developed by Core Design in 2003?Do you mean Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, the game from 2003, made by Core Design?Do you have experience with any third person games that were released in 2005, like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Did you ever play any third person games released back in 2005, such as Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Are you into third person games, like 2005's Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?I once played this poorly-rated game, Nightshade, a text adventure from 2017 with no multiplayer.This game, Nightshade, is a rather poor single-player text adventure game from 2017.Nightshade is a 2017 single-player text adventure game, but it has poor ratings.For multiplayer Xbox games, there's always Crysis. Have you played it?A multiplayer Xbox game that I enjoyed was Crysis. Have you played it?Since you like multiplayer Xbox games, then you'd love Crysis. Given that one a go yet?Among first person puzzle platformer shooters, Portal 2 is a complete classic. Do you know about it?A good first person shooter with both puzzle and platforming elements is Portal 2, have you played it before?I know you're into the platformer puzzle shooter genre and like first person titles. Have you played Portal 2?A fun action-adventure RPG released in 2015 was The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you ever played it?2015 had some really great action-adventure role playing games come out. Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Are you familiar with The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt? It's this hidden gem from 2015, a marvelous action-adventure role playing game.Are there any genres you could play pretty much any time?What is your favorite genre of video game?What's your favorite video game genre?Since you like video games, what's your favorite genre?When you play video games, what genres are overall your favorite?Which is the genre of video games that you are most interested in?Have you enjoyed any first person games like BioShock before?Do you like first person perspective in games, such as in BioShock?I was wondering if you enjoy playing first person games, for example BioShock?You said that Football Manager 2015 was a pretty good game. Do you have the impression that Sports Interactive simply knows how to get their sports strategy simulators right?I remember you mentioning Football Manager 2015 as a good game. Do you normally like trying some of Sports Interactive's other sports sim strategy games?You said that you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you generally like to play sports strategy simulations from Sports Interactive?Do you like to play multiplayer games, such as Portal 2?Do you have any experience playing games with multiplayer, like Portal 2 for example?Have you recently enjoy any multiplayer games, like Portal 2?I think Dirt: Showdown is pretty run-of-the-mill. The need to grab an E 10+ content rating took the life out of this sport racing game in my opinion.I thought Dirt: Showdown was an OK game. It's cool that I can play a sport racing game with my kids though, since it's rated E 10+.I sort of enjoyed the sport racing game, Dirt: Showdown. But the E 10+ game was just pretty average.I have always enjoyed Rocket League. I like most third person multiplayer games very much.I had a fair amount of fun playing Rocket League. The third person perspective is a perspective I tend to like, and the fact that it had multiplayer was another nice touch.Rocket League is quite a unique multiplayer third person game, and I like it quite a lot.If you like the work of Sledgehammer Games then Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is out on Steam. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of games made by Sledgehammer Games playable on Steam, have you heard of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Speaking of games developed by Sledgehammer Games available on Steam, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?You said earlier that you didn't like Small World 2. Is it common for you to dislike multiplayer indie trivia/board games?You said that you disliked Small World 2. Is it often that you don't care for indie trivia and board games with multiplayer?I know you mentioned you found Small World 2 to be very boring. Do you feel the same way about other indie trivia/board game style video games even when they come with a multiplayer?Since you have a Nintendo Switch and you're a fan of Red Barrels, you should try out Outlast II.Speaking of Nintendo Switch games developed by Red Barrels, have you tried playing Outlast II?Speaking of the Nintendo Switch games made by Red Barrels, have you heard of Outlast II?Max Payne is an action-adventure third person shooter released by Remedy Entertainment in 2001 with an M rating (for Mature).Max Payne is a third person action-adventure shooter, released in 2001 by developer Remedy Entertainment. It is rated M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Max Payne, released in 2001 by developer Remedy Entertainment, is an action-adventure shooter played in third person view. It is rated M (for Mature).Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was fun. The third person perspective is convenient, and it did a decent job blending the action-adventure, puzzle, and shooter elements together.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation takes full advantage of its third person perspective to make a really good action-adventure shooter puzzle game.I thought that Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was pretty good. I tend to enjoy third person action-adventure shooters that have lots of puzzles.You said that Little Nightmares was a pretty good game. Would you say that you're quite fond of adventure puzzle platformers played from a side view perspective?I remember you saying that you enjoyed Little Nightmares. Do you like to play side scrolling adventure and puzzle platformers in general?Earlier you mentioned you liked Little Nightmares. Are you always a fan of side view perspective adventure games with platforming and puzzles?How about indie adventure games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?Do you like any indie adventure games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?Have you ever tried an indie adventure game, like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter for example?Why do you think the driving/racing simulators on Steam are okay but nothing great?Why don't you really like driving/racing sim games on Steam that much?What is it about the driving/racing simulators you can get on Steam that makes you think their're not quite worth your money?Why do you think that Mac games are so great?Why do you love Mac games so much?Why is it that if a game has a Mac release, it's always one of your favorite games?Quantum Break was pretty underwhelming. It felt like any other third person game, I thought with the time maniuplation there'd be some room for creativity but it just kind of fell flat.I like third person player perspective games, but Quantum Break felt like it might have been better in first person. As it was, I only kinda liked it.I think that Quantum Break was okay. In general I think games played from a third person perspective tend to be neither great nor terrible.And speaking of games that actually don't have a Steam release, are you familiar with Transport Tycoon?I know you don't care about getting games on Steam, so I wonder if you have tried Transport Tycoon.Since you don't care about your games being on Steam, have you ever tried Transport Tycoon?Do you like other multiplayer games like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Hey, have you ever played a game with multiplayer, like for example Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Do you normally have fun playing multiplayer games, for example Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?BioShock was pretty good, I think. It's a fairly unique first person shooter that crosses with role-playing as well as action-adventure and makes something new.I'm generally a fan of first person action-adventure shooters that also add role-playing elements, so I thought BioShock was pretty good.I enjoyed playing BioShock a fair amount. I tend to enjoy first person shooters that also combine action-adventure and role-playing elements together like this one did.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a 1999 action-adventure shooter with puzzle elements, available on PlayStation and PC, and is also available on Steam. It is rated T (for Teen). It currently has support for Mac, but not Linux.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter with puzzle elements, released in 1999. Being rated T (for Teen), it is fairly accessible, and available on multiple platforms, including PlayStation and PC. It is also available on Steam and, while it does not have a Linux release, it is available on Mac.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game that came out in 1999 and is rated T (for Teen). Th game is for PC and PlayStation only and not available on Linux, yet it is available for Mac and you can get it on Steam.Are you interested in playing games on the PC, such Resident Evil 4?Do you often play games on the PC, such as Resident Evil 4?I was wondering if you like to play games on the PC, such as Resident Evil 4?You said that Outlast II was, to sum it up, thoroughly average. I'm curious, do you feel similarly about other first person indie adventure games too?I know you just mentioned playing Outlast II and thought it was decent. Do you commonly like first person indie adventure games?I remember you telling me you just finished playing Outlast II, and thought it was decent. Do you generally like first person indie adventure games?Do you know of any interesting games with multiplayer?What is the most interesting multiplayer game that you have ever played?Do you know any interesting multiplayer games I could try out?Tetris is a 1986 side view arcade puzzle-strategy game. It is out for Nintendo, Mac, Linux, and PC, but it is not available on Steam.If you like puzzle strategy arcade games that use a side view perspective then you should try the 1986 video game called Tetris. It is released on Nintendo, PC, Linux and Mac but unfortunately is not available on Steam.One of my favorite games is Tetris, from 1986. It is a side view arcade puzzle strategy game for Nintendo and the PC. It is not available on Steam, but it did have a Linux and Mac release.Just heard about NHL 15, which came out in 2014 but I must have missed it. I love sport simulation games with a bird view perspective, but this one was average at best. It works on PlayStation and Xbox only.NHL 15 was 2014's version of the well-known sport simulation franchise. It was released on PlayStation and Xbox and has a standard bird view. It received average ratings.If you're a sport simulation game fan, you will probably find NHL 15 only average. With the bird view perspective, it makes you feel like you're watching the sport live on TV. It was developed by EA Sports in 2014 for the PlayStation and Xbox consoles only.What game from 2018 can you remember that has a nice long gameplay?What's a long game you played that came out in 2018?Do you know any long games from 2018 I could invest a lot of time into?Have you played any PC games that came out in 2010, for example Worms: Reloaded?Do you like PC games from 2010 like Worms: Reloaded?So now I'm curious, have you played any PC games that came out in 2010, such as Worms: Reloaded?You said that you disliked Skyforge. Does that mean that you usually dislike hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs on the PC?I remember you mentioned that you didn't like Skyforge. Are you not a fan in general of PC MMORPGs with adventure and hack-and-slash gameplay?So you indicated that Skyforge was boring and unpleasant. Do you perhaps just not like hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs for the PC?It seems like Skyforge was a bad choice for you. I can't help but wonder if playing it on the Xbox was not part of the reason for a poor experience. What do you think?So you thought Skyforge was a pretty bad game. But do you have similar thoughts about other games for the Xbox?You told me that you don't like Skyforge. Is that also the case for other Xbox games?Quantum Break is an okay shooter adventure game that came out on Xbox and PC. It's available on Steam but it doesn't have multiplayer.Quantum Break is an average adventure shooter game available on Steam. You can play it on Xbox and PC, but there is no multiplayer.Quantum Break is an adventure shooter game with no multiplayer. It's on Xbox, PC, and Steam. It got average reviews.Payday 2 is a first person, role-playing shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is not supported on Mac or Linux. However, it is on Steam.Payday 2 is a role-playing, shooter game that's played with first person perspective. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, Switch, and PC and is also available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac version.Payday 2 is a role-playing first person shooter that was released on a ton of different platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, basically everything but Mac and Linux. You can get it on Steam.Would that be the game known as Mafia, which is rated M and doesn't have any multiplayer?Are you talking about Mafia, the single-player M rated game?When you mention Mafia, do you mean the single-player game with an M rating?Nightshade is a text adventure game developed by Red Entertainment Corporation that has received some poor ratings.Nightshade by Red Entertainment Corporation was a pretty bad text adventure game.Nightshade, by Red Entertainment Corporation, is a text adventure game with poor ratings.Do you like action strategy games from Nintendo like Super Bomberman?Do you enjoy playing action strategy games on Nintendo, such as Super Bomberman?I was wondering, have you played any action strategy games for the Nintendo, such as Super Bomberman?You seem to be all about Tetris. Is this true for all arcade based puzzle games which focus on strategy and not multiplayer?You mentioned previously that you love Tetris. Do you generally enjoy single-player arcade games featuring puzzles and strategy?So you find Tetris totally awesome. Do you in general love to play through the single-player campaign of arcade puzzle strategy games all on your own?The Crew 2 is being developed by Ivory Tower and is expected to be released on June 29, 2018. The game will allow the player to drive and race in a third person perspective. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Coming out on June 29, 2018, The Crew 2 is a racing game developed by Ivory Tower. The game plays from a third person perspective and will be available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.On June 29, 2018, Ivory Tower will release The Crew 2. This third person racing game will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.If you're into M rated games, why don't you check out The Wolf Among Us?And speaking of games that the ESRB gave an M rating to, have you played The Wolf Among Us?I understand that you like games with mature content. Have you played The Wolf Among Us?I know you're looking for games rated T (for Teen). Have you ever considered getting Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 for the Xbox?A T rated Xbox game I thought was pretty fun was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of T rated games made for the Xbox, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Final Fantasy VII was made by Square in 1997. It's an adventure role-playing game with bird view and third person perspectives.Final Fantasy VII is a third person adventure role-playing game with a bird view perspective also available. The developer is Square, and the game was made in 1997.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game that was released in 1997 by the developer Square. It sports a bird's eye view, as well as a third person player perspective.What's the latest game you played on Steam?What's the name of the latest game you got on Steam?What's the latest game you've been playing on Steam?I found this game, Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India from 2016. It's a single-player action game with lots of adventure and platforming. I liked the side view perspective in the game.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a side view action-adventure platformer released in 2016. The game does not offer multiplayer.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a side view platformer and action-adventure game that was released in 2016. It does not have a multiplayer.What do you think about first person PC games like Dirt: Showdown?Just curious, would you be open to any first person PC games, you know, like that Dirt: Showdown?I'm curious if you like first person PC games like Dirt: Showdown?The strategy simulator RollerCoaster Tycoon is not available on Steam but can be played on the PC or the Xbox.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a strategy sim for Xbox and PC. It's not available on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a strategy simulator released for Xbox and PC, but it's not out on Steam.You said that you didn't feel good or bad about Stronghold 2. Do you feel the same about other games that don't have a Mac or Linux release?You said you thought Stronghold 2 was just so-so. Do you typically not care for games that aren't available on Linux and Mac?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Do you feel like it should have been released for Linux and Mac as well?In 2017, Tarsier Studios developed Little Nightmares, a good video game that combines elements of adventure, platforming and puzzle games. It is a single-player game without multiplayer capabilities.Little Nightmares is a adventure platformer, puzzle game, that does not support multiplayer. It was released in 2017 by Tarsier Studios and has overall good ratings.Little Nightmares is a good adventure and puzzle platformer, but does not have multiplayer. It was developed by Tarsier Studios and released in 2017.I think that The Elder Scrolls Online was so-so. I like the convenience of it being on Steam, but its M rating means the content can get somewhat off-putting.I liked the convenience of The Elder Scrolls Online being on Steam, but the M rating turned me off a bit and ultimately made the experience rather mediocre.I picked up the M rated The Elder Scrolls Online on Steam, as I figured I'd love it, but it was ultimately nothing more than average.What's the most moving game that's stuck in your memory?What do you think is the most moving video game you've played?Have you played any games you found particularly moving?Is that Ori and the Blind Forest which was developed by Moon Studios?Are you referring to the Ori and the Blind Forest that was created by Moon Studios?Oh, you maen Ori and the Blind Forest from Moon Studios?Earlier you mentioned that you felt The Forest of Doom was a pretty average game. Is that because you can't really find all that much excitement in text adventure role-playing games for the PC?I know you felt so-so about The Forest of Doom. Is that the same for other role-playing, text adventure games on PC?You said earlier that The Forest of Doom was simply average. Are you typically unimpressed by role-playing text adventure games for PC?Does Capcom Production Studio 4 have some secret recipe for games that makes them so attractive to you?So why do you love the games made by Capcom Production Studio 4 so much?Why is Capcom Production Studio 4 the developer whose games you love more than anyone's?Have you played any of the 2012 PC games like Dirt: Showdown?How do you feel about PC games from 2012 like Dirt: Showdown?Do you ever play any PC games from 2012, like Dirt: Showdown?If you like first person games, tell me, have you tried Need for Speed: The Run?Hey, since you like first person games, you should really try Need for Speed: The Run. Have you heard of it?Since first person games are your favorite, have you tried Need for Speed: The Run?If you like real-time strategy simulators, try Stronghold 2. It's available for PC and you can find it on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release as well.Stronghold 2 is an RTS sim you can get on Steam for PC, but not Mac or Linux.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game that can only be played on PC. This game is available on Steam but is not available for Linux or Mac.Which platform do you mostly game on?Do you have a gaming platform you definitely prefer over the others?Is there a platform you game on exclusively?What is your favorite player perspective in games?What player perspective do you prefer?Is there a player perspective that you tend to enjoy the most in games?Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a single-player action-adventure, puzzle, shooting game. It was released in 1999.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game from 1999. It doesn't have multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure puzzle shooter. It was released in 1999 and is single-player only.Worms: Reloaded is a pretty average side view action strategy platformer in my view.Worms: Reloaded is okay I guess. It can be fun, but strategy action platformers played from a side view perspective are just so-so in my view.Worms: Reloaded is an okay game but had some issues. I liked the side view perspective, but the attempt to blend together the action, strategy, and platforming kind of fell flat.Are you usually unimpressed by PC games, or is The Forest of Doom kind of the black sheep?So The Forest of Doom was a game that you, if I remember correctly, felt was of average quality. What about other games for the PC, do you feel the same about them?If I remember right, you mentioned you felt that The Forest of Doom was a pretty average game. Do you have similar thoughts about a lot of other PC games?Do you like simulation strategy games from MicroProse, like RollerCoaster Tycoon?So I'm wondering, do you also enjoy MicroProse's strategy simulators like RollerCoaster Tycoon?Are you familiar with MicroProse's strategy simulators, such as RollerCoaster Tycoon?Since we're on the subject of text adventure RPGs, have you ever played The Forest of Doom?Hey have you heard of the role-playing text adventure game The Forest of Doom?I was wondering if you've also tried the text adventure role-playing game The Forest of Doom.So hey, why is it that games developed by Valve Corporation are games you find amazing?What is it about Valve Corporation's games that strongly appeals to you?What is it about games developed by Valve Corporation that makes you feel they're so awesome?You said that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Does that liking extend to other action-adventure puzzle shooter games with a rated for teenagers?You said earlier that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Typically, are you a fan of action-adventure games rated T (for Teen) featuring puzzles and shooting?You really liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you also like other action-adventure games with puzzle or shooter elements that are rated T (for Teen)?Have you heard about the real-time strategy and simulation game from 2005, called Stronghold 2?Have you ever heard of the real-time strategy simulation game Stronghold 2, from 2005?Stronghold 2 was a real-time strategy simulator from 2005 that I myself liked. Are you familiar with it?Earlier you mentioned that you liked Football Manager 2015. Generally are you a fan of games from 2014 by Sports Interactive?Football Manager 2015 was developed by Sports Interactive in 2014 and you seem to think it was good. Is that always true for these types of games?You said you had an enjoyable time playing Football Manager 2015. Do you think the developer Sports Interactive did an especially good job in 2014?Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was developed by Sledgehammer Games. It's an average action, shooter game, that is played in first person. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as for Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an average action first person shooter game by Sledgehammer Games. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and you can find it on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person, action shooter game that was released by Sledgehammer Games. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam. Most users rate it as an average game.Rollcage isn't terrible, I guess. It's from 1999 and I normally don't like games that old, but the multiplayer helped make up for it a bit.Rollcage was barely fun to play with other people, and it certainly wasn't my favorite game from 1999.Rollcage was alright, I guess. It was an okay multiplayer experience, but even for 1999 it feels old.You said you were ambivalent towards The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Do you feel the same about other first person adventure games from indie developers?I remember you saying you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. In general are you unimpressed by indie adventure games with a first person perspective?You said that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be okay, but not all that great. Do you often feel that way about indie adventure games that are played from a first person perspective?I didn't hate Stronghold 2, but I really wished I liked it more. Real-time strategy simulators like it are often some of my favorite games, but I really disliked the bird view perspective in this one.For a game with a bird's eye view, Stronghold 2 is okay. It's your average real-time strategy simulation game.Stronghold 2 was decent. I generally enjoy bird view perspective games with real-time strategy and simulation elements, although I had mixed feelings about that combination in this one.Have you given any games not available on Steam a try, for example Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Have you tried any games not on Steam, like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?So I was wondering, have you ever played a game that isn't available on Steam, such as Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sport game from 2001. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it is supported on Mac. It is not available on Steam or Linux.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a 2001 sport game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is not currently available on Steam or Linux, but it does have Mac support.The sport game, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, was released in 2001 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. There is no Steam or Linux release, but the game is avaialable for Mac.Did you play any Everyone 10 and up games that were particularly soothing this year?What's a soothing rated E10+ game I can play with my brothers?I'm looking for an E 10+ rated game that is soothing, do you know of any?If you're into platformers with role-playing, action and adventure, try God of War by SIE Santa Monica Studio. It's an excellent game, and you can play it on PlayStation, though it doesn't have multiplayer support. It's rated M (for Mature).God of War is an excellent action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game from SIE Santa Monica Studio. It released on the PlayStation with an M (for Mature) rating and does not feature multiplayer.God of War was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio, and was released with an M (for Mature) rating. It is an excellent action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game for the PlayStation. There is no multiplayer mode.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was pretty lame. Evolution Studios bungled such a nice concept like vehicle combat too! It's mind-boggling, really.I generally avoid vehicular combat games from Evolution Studios, so MotorStorm: Apocalypse is not my cup of tea.What can I say, I don't enjoy vehicular combat games and I've had nothing but bad experiences with games made by Evolution Studios, so MotorStorm: Apocalypse is like a game designed to make me hate it.If you like sport simulators, you'll probably be content with Madden NFL 15 by EA Tiburon, which received average ratings. I like the way the camera swaps from a bird view to third person in gameplay. It has multiplayer, and you can grab it for PlayStation and Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation by EA Tiburon for PlayStation and Xbox only. The game offers multiplayer and can be played in bird view or third person.Madden NFL 15 is a sports simulation game developed by EA Tiburon and released for the PlayStation and Xbox. The multiplayer game received average ratings and has both third person and bird view.Is there a good dramatic game you would recommend?What's a game you played lately that you felt was really dramatic?What's a really dramatic game that you've played?You said that you had fun playing Far Cry 3. I'm curious, in general do you like action-adventure shooters that are available on Steam?You mentioned that Far Cry 3 on Steam was good. Do you also enjoy other action-adventure shooters on the same platform?So, you thought Far Cry 3 was a good game. Do you usually like action-adventure shooter games that you can get on Steam?I remember you saying you enjoyed Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Would you say that the T rating is thus appropriate for such tactical strategy games?Previously you told me that you like to play Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Does it mean you are fond of T rated games with a lot of realtime tactical strategy?You mentioned that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you tend to enjoy T (for Teen) rated games involving strategy and tactical gameplay?Do you ever play third person multiplayer games like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Are you a fan of third person multiplayer games, like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, by any chance?I really like third person multiplayer games like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, did you enjoy it?Are you overall a fan of games developed by Blizzard Entertainment, or World of Warcraft only?You mentioned that World of Warcraft was pretty good in your opinion. Does Blizzard Entertainment tend to satisfy your expectations in their games?You just said that you liked World of Warcraft. Are you a fan of most of the other games by Blizzard Entertainment too?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game with multiplayer that is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. You can play it on Mac, but not on Steam or Linux.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a multiplayer sport game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. There's no Steam or Linux release, but there is a Mac release.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a multiplayer sports game developed for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. The game is not available on Steam or Linux, but does have a Mac release.The Crew 2 is expected to release on June 29, 2018 on the PC, PlayStation, and Xbox consoles. This driving/racing game will be played in a third person perspective and will also have a multiplayer mode.The Crew 2 is a multiplayer third person driving/racing game. It is expected to be out on June 29, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.The Crew 2 is expected to be released on June 29, 2018. It's a third person driving/racing game that has a multiplayer option. It will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Do you prefer playing games that you can get on Steam?Do you prefer getting your games on Steam?Is availability of a game on Steam important to you?In 2014, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris introduced multiplayer and a bird view playing style in an action-adventure shooter with puzzle elements.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a 2014 action-adventure, puzzle, shooter with a bird view player perspective and multiplayer mode.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter with puzzles. It gives players a bird view perspective and has multiplayer mode. It came out in 2014.Oh, the M rated game on Xbox, Silent Hill 2?Is the Silent Hill 2 that you are referring to the M rated game with an Xbox release?When you talk about Silent Hill 2, do you mean the M rated game that's on the Xbox?Rated T (for Teen), Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, is an action-adventure shooter packed with puzzles. It was developed by Core Design.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a puzzler action-adventure shooter developed by Core Design and rated T (for Teen).Core Design devolped Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It is a action-adventure puzzle game with shooter elements. It is also rated T (for Teen).Final Fantasy VII by Square is an adventure, role-playing game for PlayStation and PC. It is not available on Mac or Linux.Final Fantasy VII is a role-playing adventure game developed by Square. It is mainly for PlayStation and PC, but it is not available for Linux or Mac.Square's Final Fantasy VII is available on PlayStation and PC but not on Linux or Mac. It's an adventure and role-playing game.If you're into trivia/board games, try Small World 2. It's an indie game with multiplayer support that came out in 2010. You can find it on Steam, and it's been released for PC, Linux, and Mac.Small World 2 is a trivia/board game that came out in 2010 for PC. The indie game offers multiplayer. It is available on Steam, Linux, and Mac.If you like indie trivia/board games with multiplayer, you might like Small World 2. It was released in 2010 for PC and is available on Steam. There is a Linux and Mac release, too.Rollcage is an okay game. I normally enjoy games with a third person perspective, but I'm so-so about action racing games.I'm not a fan of third person racing games, but the action elements in Rollcage elevated it a little so that I didn't outright hate it.Rollcage is an average third person action racing game, nothing more and nothing less, honestly.Football Manager 2015 is a good sport sim by Sports Interactive game. It has strategy elements and features a multiplayer mode too.Football Manager 2015 by Sports Interactive is a multiplayer sport simulation strategy game with good ratings.Football Manager 2015 is a good simulation sports strategy game that also has a multiplayer component to it. It was developed by Sports Interactive.I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Is that true for the majority of teen rated games that you play on the PlayStation?You described how you thought Little Big Adventure was only average. Is this sentiment true across most T rated PlayStation games?You said earlier that you thought Little Big Adventure was average. Are you typically not impressed with PlayStation games rated T (for Teen)?You mean NBA 2K19 from Visual Concepts?Do you mean NBA 2K19 from Visual Concepts?Is this the NBA 2K19 that was developed by Visual Concepts?So, since we're talking about action-adventure RPGs, I've gotta ask, have you played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?I know you're into role-playing games, so I wonder if you've tried the action-adventure RPG The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.You seem to like action-adventure RPGs, so I wonder if you've heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure role-player. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but neither Linux nor Mac. You can get it on Steam.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure role-playing game on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It's not on Linux or Mac.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure RPG available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and on Steam for download. However, it isn't available for Linux and Mac systems.Rollcage was a decent action racing game, but honestly, the lack of attention to detail on the small things by Attention To Detail really drags it down.I think that racing games that throw in a bunch of action are okay but nothing special. I feel kind of the same about the developer Attention To Detail, so of course I thought Rollcage was just average in every way possible.Rollcage isn't a waste of money at least. Action racing games tend to be fun, but Attention To Detail isn't that great a developer, so the game doesn't truly shine.I liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines because you can play it on PC and it has multiplayer support.I think that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is kind of fun. It's nice to have a game on the PC that I can play with my friends in multiplayer.I had fun with Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines on the PC. The multiplayer especially was quite a blast.Earlier you mentioned disliking Need for Speed: Payback. Generally are you not a fan of third person perspective driving/racing games?I get that Need for Speed: Payback isn't your game. Do you think it's because you prefer other genres than driving and racing, or were you not a fan of the third person perspective?You said that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Typically speaking, do you dislike third person driving and racing games?Do you mean the first person perspective Need for Speed: The Run?Do you mean the first person Need for Speed: The Run?Do you mean the first person game, Need for Speed: The Run?Speaking of good real-time strategy games, have you tried Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings by Ensemble Studios?A classic real-time strategy game made by Ensemble Studios is Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you played it before?Speaking of real-time strategy from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Have you ever played a game that you felt was just revolting?Have you ever played a game that you just found revolting?What's a game that you couldn't help but find revolting?You are a big fan of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, right? Do you find action-adventure shooters exciting in general?You mentioned before that you love Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Is that true for all action-adventure shooters?You mentioned that you thought Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was an absolutely amazing game. Is the action-adventure shooter genre something right up your alley?Dirt: Showdown from 2012 is a sport racing game for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It's not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that was released in 2012. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it has an ESRB Rating of E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). However, it is not yet available as a Steam, Linux, or Mac release.Dirt: Showdown is a driving/racing sport game released in 2012. It is rated E 10+, and is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but not on Steam, Mac, or Linux.Were there even any terrible games in 2014?What's the most terrible game that you played in the year 2014?What's a truly terrible game released in 2014 that you know of?Adventure games that combine platforming and puzzles can be frustrating to play, but the side view perspective is perfect for them. That's why I enjoyed playing Little Nightmares.Little Nightmares is a pretty cool game that has kept me entertained. It's an adventure side-scrolling platformer with some puzzle elements to give me a bit of a challenge.Little Nightmares is a good little adventure platforming puzzle game, I particularly enjoy what they did with the side view too.Super Bomberman is an action and strategy game from 1993 for Nintendo consoles and PC only. It's an older console game that is, unfortunately, not available to play on Steam and does not offer support for Mac or Linux.Super Bomberman is an action strategy game that came out in 1993 for Nintendo and PC only. This title is not available on either Steam, Linux, or Mac.Super Bomberman was released in 1993 on Nintendo and PC only. It is not available on Steam, Linux or Mac. It is an action strategy game.The multiplayer sport racing game, Dirt: Showdown, offers both first and third person perspectives. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but not on Steam.Dirt: Showdown is a multiplayer sport racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC only. There is no Steam release. You can play from both the first and third person perspective.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Steam. The game has multiplayer available, and can be played either from a first person or a third person perspective.Are you referring to Layers of Fear, the first person indie point-and-click adventure game?Is the Layers of Fear you mentioned the first person indie point-and-click adventure game?Layers of Fear, the indie first person point-and-click adventure game?Driver is a driving simulator that was released on PlayStation and PC by the developer Reflections Interactive with average reviews. There's no multiplayer, and it's not available on Steam.Driver is a driving simulation game developed by Reflections Interactive which received average reviews. It has no multiplayer, but is available on PlayStation and PC. The game is not available on Steam.Driver, by Reflections Interactive, is a single-player driving simulator with average ratings. It is available on PlayStation and PC. It is not available on Steam.SpellForce 3 is a poor real-time strategy that came out in 2017 for PC only. The role-playing game is also on Steam.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing PC game available on Steam. It was released in 2017 and is rated poorly.SpellForce 3 is a poorly-rated role-playing real-time strategy game. It was released in 2017 for PC. You can get it through Steam.Is playing multiplayer games something you're always up to, or was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End an unusually good one?I know you thought that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was a truly excellent game. Do you also love other games that have a multiplayer option?You've told me before that you love Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Is that because you enjoy multiplayer games?I bet you like it when you can play games on Steam, like Worms: Reloaded, right?Have you ever played a game on Steam, such as Worms: Reloaded?Do you enjoy other games on Steam, I don't know, like Worms: Reloaded?You said you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you often tend to play similar Nintendo games that are also rated E?I recall you saying that you really enjoyed The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you typically a big fan of games on Nintendo rated E (for Everyone)?So since you mentioned that you absolutely loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, it got me curious about something. Do you also love Nintendo's lineup of other E rated games?So what is it about the games that were released in 2005 that you find so excellent?What is it about 2005's games that you think are so great?What is it about games released in 2005 that makes you think it's such a fantastic year for video games?Need for Speed: Payback was released in 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It wasn't released on Linux or Mac. It is a third person driving racing game that you can be play together with your friends.I have recently played Need for Speed: Payback, a third person racing game whose multiplayer mode allows you to play with your friends online. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2017, but has no Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Payback is a third person driving/racing game with a multiplayer mode. It came out in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not available on Mac or Linux.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos received excellent reviews when it was released in 2002. It really raised the bar for multiplayer bird's eye perspective RTS games.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent multiplayer real-time strategy game with a bird's eye perspective. It came out in 2002.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game with bird's eye view player perspective and multiplayer. It was released in 2002 and received excellent reviews.What is it about Ninja Theory's indie hack-and-slash adventure games that you find so unique?Is there something special about Ninja Theory's indie hack-and-slash adventure games that makes you find them so appealing?Why do you think that Ninja Theory's indie hack-and-slash adventure games are some of the best you ever played?Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, by Naughty Dog came out 2016 with excellent ratings. It's an action-adventure third person shooter game exclusively for the PlayStation platform.If you're looking for an excellent third person, action-adventure shooter, you should try Naughty Dog's Uncharted 4: A Thief's End from 2016. It's available on PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent third person action-adventure with shooter elements that came out in 2016. It was released as a PlayStation exclusive by the developer, Naughty Dog.I'm curious, have you ever played any strategy simulators for the PC, such as The Sims?Do you like to play strategy simulation games on PC, like The Sims?Do you also like PC simulation strategy games like The Sims?What about multiplayer games do you find enjoyable?You like multiplayer games quite a bit. Can you tell me why that is?So I'm curious, why is it you seem to enjoy multiplayer games?Layers of Fear is an adventure point-and-click indie game that the Bloober Team developed with first person support, though it's received some poor ratings.Layers of Fear is a poorly reviewed indie point-and-click, first person adventure game developed by Bloober Team.Layers of Fear is a poor indie adventure game by Bloober Team. The point-and-click is in first person only.Are you talking about the side view game Worms: Reloaded, the one that is available on Steam?Do you mean the Worms: Reloaded with a side view, released on Steam?Is the Worms: Reloaded you mentioned the one on Steam with the side view perspective?Super Mario World is an excellent platformer that came out in 1990 for Nintendo only. This game is rated E (for Everyone) and has a side view perspective. You can also play multiplayer.Super Mario World is an excellent 1990 Nintendo platformer. It is a side view game game with multiplayer, and it is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is an excellent platformer game that is played in the side view. It was released in 1990 on Nintendo and is rated E (for Everyone). It can be played multiplayer.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a multiplayer real-time strategy game that has received excellent ratings.For an excellent real-time strategy with multiplayer, check out Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent multiplayer real-time strategy game, a must have for any gamer.Red Entertainment Corporation put out a text adventure game called Nightshade. It is a PC only release that can be found on Steam. It currently doesn't support Linux or Mac though.Red Entertainment Corporation developed Nightshade, a text adventure game for PC only. It is available on Steam, but there is no Linux or Mac release.Nightshade is a text adventure by Red Entertainment Corporation for PC only. This game is available on Steam and is not available for Linux or Mac.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a pretty fun game. I enjoy strategy simulators like it and would even call it great, but its lack of a Mac release holds it back a tiny bit.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a pretty good single-player strategy simulation game. My only tiny gripe with it is that it doesn't run on Mac, so I have to sit at my desktop computer to play it.I love strategy simulators, so RollerCoaster Tycoon would be a truly excellent game if only it had a Mac release. It's still pretty good without one though.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game released on Steam in 2014 by The Astronauts. It is an indie adventure game viewed in first person. It is rated M (for Mature) by ESRB and available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC via Steam.You can get The Vanishing of Ethan Carter by The Astronauts on Steam, PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is a first person, indie, adventure game rated M from 2014.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a decent first person adventure game from 2014, rated M (for Mature). It was developed by the indie studio The Astronauts for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Oh, and you can get in on Steam.What's the oldest first person game you know of?What's the oldest game with a first person perspective that you ever played?I'm curious, what's the oldest game you ever played that had a first person perspective?A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Steam.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not available on Steam.A Way Out is a good action-adventure game played in third person. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but does not have a Steam release.I know you got some Steam credits for your birthday. Have you tried Sid Meier's Civilization V yet?Since you like to play your games on Steam, have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?If you like grabbing games on Steam, you should check out Sid Meier's Civilization V. Unless you've already played it?You said that you disliked Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you not really like to play games by Core Design from 2003 then?If I remember correctly, you did not like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Did Core Design let go off their high standard in 2003, you think?You said earlier that you dislike Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Are you just not a fan of games from 2003 by Core Design?You said you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a pretty good game, if I remember right. Do you like to play games with friends in multiplayer?I know you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted, but do you usually prefer games that offer multiplayer?Are you usually a fan of multiplayer games, or was Need for Speed: Most Wanted just particularly well done?If you're looking for more third person action-adventure shooter games, there's Alan Wake's American Nightmare from 2012. It has a T (for Teen) rating. It has received poor reviews, but it could still be worth a try.Alan Wake's American Nightmare was released in 2012 with a T (for Teen) rating. It is rated poor. It is a third person action-adventure shooter game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a third person shooter from 2012. It is an action-adventure with a T (for Teen). Unfortunately, its reviews were pretty poor.Sid Meier's Civilization V was released in 2010. It's rated E 10+ and is a simulation turn-based strategy with a bird view.Sid Meier's Civilization V was released in 2010 and redefined the traditional bird's eye turn-based strategy sim formula. It's rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy simulation game that was released in 2010. It is played in bird view. It is good for Everyone 10 and Older.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a mature adventure RPG from 2011.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure, role-playing game developed by Bethesda Studios. The game was released in 2011 with a rating of M (for Mature).The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure RPG that came out in 2011. It's rated M (for Mature).You know, if you want a side view platformer there's always Super Mario World. Have you played it before?If you're after a side scrolling platformer, Super Mario World is a fun game. Have you ever played it before?Are you familiar with Super Mario World? It's this delightful side view platformer.World of Warcraft is a fun game. Blizzard Entertainment is a developer that knows what they're doing and always produces a solid product.Blizzard Entertainment did a good job with World of Warcraft, I liked playing it.World of Warcraft is a really good game from Blizzard Entertainment.I was curious, do you enjoy third person vehicular combat games, like for example MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Have you ever played a third person vehicular combat game, like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?So then do you also enjoy third person vehicular combat games, like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?I'm guessing you mean Ancient Cities, the simulation strategy game developed by Uncasual Games?Ancient Cities, the strategy sim developed by Uncasual Games?Oh, you're talking about Ancient Cities, aren't you? The simulation strategy game from Uncasual Games?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game with a bird view available for PlayStation, PC and Mac, but not Linux. You can't get it on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird view real-time strategy game that was released for PlayStation and PC. It isn't available on Steam and doesn't have a Linux release, but it does have a Mac version.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time, bird view strategy game that can be played on PlayStation or PC. While it's not available on Steam and it doesn't have a Linux release, you can play it on Mac.Do you like playing games developed by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc., games like Tetris?Have you tried any games from Spectrum HoloByte, Inc., like Tetris?If you don't mind me asking, have you ever played a game that was developed by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc., like for example Tetris?I loved Undertale. It really took advantage of the bird's eye view and did a lot of novel things in its genre.I always love the bird's eye view in games because it's so easy to see everything - such as in games like Undertale.I loved Undertale so, so much. The bird view perspective really helped the game and made it so fun and easy to play.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game from 2001 by Neversoft Entertainment. In it, you perform skate-boarding tricks from a third person view.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a third person sports game developed by Neversoft Entertainment and released in 2001.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game that was released in 2001 from Neversoft Entertainment. It is played primarily in third person view.By Horizon: Zero Dawn, do you mean the action-adventure shooter with role-playing elements?Do you mean Horizon: Zero Dawn, the action adventure RPG shooter?Are we talking about the action-adventure shooter RPG, Horizon: Zero Dawn?Since you seem to be a fan of PC games by Hudson Soft, I thought you might like Super Bomberman too. Have you heard about the game?While we're on the subject of PC games developed by Hudson Soft, have you heard of Super Bomberman?One Hudson Soft game for the PC that I enjoyed was Super Bomberman. Have you heard of it?Diablo II is a really good entry in the hack-and-slash RPG genre. You don't see many bird view games these days, which is sad.I think that hack-and-slash RPGs can be a bit mindless and repetitive, but with a bird view perspective they're usually pretty fun anyways. So I enjoyed playing Diablo II.Diablo II is a pretty good game, because the hack-and-slash RPG gameplay is fun and the bird view perspective makes it easy to play.What's the most dull multiplayer game you've ever played?Have you played a multiplayer game recently that was totally dull?So what's a game with multiplayer that you just found to be dull?I thought Rollcage was decent. It's OK for an action racing PC game that you might occasionally want to play, but it's just nothing spectacular.Rollcage gave me an all-around average action racing experience on my PC, but it's not a game I would play regularly.Rollcage isn't awful, but could have been better. Action racing games can be really good, but the PC is just not the right platform for them.Have you played any good short video games lately?Have you played any short games lately?What's a nice short game I could play tonight?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Would you say Adeline Software International has room to improve in third person games overall?You said you were not totally sold on Little Big Adventure. Is this the case for all third person games from Adeline Software International?You mentioned you thought Little Big Adventure was average. Are you typically unimpressed by third person games from Adeline Software International?Payday 2 is an average game I'd say. First person shooters with role-playing elements are okay, but they're also a dime a dozen now and all blend together.As far as first person RPG shooters go, Payday 2 is more of the same, not really great, but not really bad either. Middle of the road, you know?I normally love RPGs and hate first person shooters, so not surprisingly I found Payday 2, which combined the two, to be not quite entertaining.Why is it that you enjoy playing hack-and-slash RPGs that have a bird view perspective?Why is it that you like to play bird view perspective hack-and-slash RPGs?What do you like about bird's eye view hack-and-slash RPGs?Since you like multiplayer games, have you tried Never Alone?If you're looking for a game with multiplayer, are you familiar with Never Alone?Since you're looking for games to play with friends, have you tried the multiplayer game Never Alone?BioShock, which was released in 2007 by 2K Boston, right?When you mention BioShock, do you mean the one that was developed by 2K Boston back in 2007?Do you mean 2K Boston's 2007 game, BioShock?Can you explain to me why you find multiplayer games to be neither good nor bad?If you don't mind me asking, why do you find games with multiplayer to be mediocre?Is there anything in particular about multiplayer games you find so average?If you like real-time strategy role-playing games, then you should try the video game released in 2017 by Grimlore Games called Spellforce 3. It has a bird view perspective and has multiplayer.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing game released by Grimlore Games in 2017. It has a multiplayer mode and bird view player perspective.SpellForce 3 is a 2017 release by Grimlore Games. It is a bird view real-time strategy RPG with a multiplayer mode.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing text adventure game released in 2014. You can get it on Linux, Mac, and PC. It is available on Steam.The Forest of Doom is a 2014 role-playing text adventure game with average ratings. It is available on Steam, and it runs on PC, Mac, and Linux platforms.The Forest of Doom is an average 2014 text adventure RPG. It's for PC only and available on Steam. There's Linux and Mac support too.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game.The Room is an indie first person point-and-click game with puzzles, released in 2012 by developer Fireproof Games. It has an excellent rating.Fireproof Games released an indie puzzle game, The Room, in 2012. This first person point-and-click game has excellent ratings.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game with a first person perspective. It was released in 2012 by Fireproof Games, and it has received excellent ratings.If you're looking for another one of tobyfox's bird view perspective games, you should check out Undertale. Have you heard of it?Since you seem to be a fan of bird view games by tobyfox, I thought you might like Undertale too. Have you heard about the game?Have you heard of Undertale? It's this bird view game from tobyfox.You mentioned that World of Warcraft was pretty good in your book. In general, do you find adventure MMORPGs to be fun?Do you find playing adventure MMORPGs fun, or did you just enjoy World of Warcraft?In our conversation you mentioned liking World of Warcraft. Would you say the adventure MMORPG genre is one of your favorites?If you like to combine role-playing, shooter, and tactical games then Tom Clancy's the Division will fit the bill. It came out in 2016 and received pretty average reviews.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average tactical role-playing shooter, that was released in 2016.If you want an average-rated, role-playing tactical shooter, try Tom Clancy's The Division. It was released in 2016.I know you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do you also dislike other SCS Software driving games?I remember you told me that you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do you mean that you do not like to play driving simulator games developed by SCS Software in general?You said that you disliked Euro Truck Simulator. Do you make a habit of disliking driving and racing simulators by SCS Software?As an action-adventure puzzle shooter, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris had a lot going on. It pulled it off but it's not great.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was an okay game I guess. I think that I'm just a bit burnt out on action-adventure puzzle shooters, but I don't find them terrible at least.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an overall average action adventure shooter puzzler.Assetto Corsa is a first person and third person driving/racing sports simulator released in 2014.Assetto Corsa is a 2014 sport racing sim with first and third person perspectives.The racing game, Assetto Corsa, released in 2014, can be played from a first or third person view, and is for those who enjoy sport driving simulation games.When you talk about Mafia, do you mean the 2002 game that was developed by Illusion Softworks?Is that Mafia, the title from Illusion Softworks released in 2002?Are you talking about Illusion Softworks' Mafia from 2002?RollerCoaster Tycoon was a masterstroke considering it was made by MicroProse. I really quite liked this game, and it did well with the bird view perspective too.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a fun game. MicroProse is a talented developer and the bird view perspective makes it easy to play.I normally hate games with a bird view perspective, but MicroProse is such a talented developer that RollerCoaster Tycoon is actually a good game.I've been having fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings lately. I definitely appreciate how I can play it on both my Mac and my PC.I really liked Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, it's a solid PC game, and it actually was ported to Mac too, which is a pretty nice addition in terms of expanding access to the game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good game for sure. It's a PC game like a lot of what I play, but it also has a Mac release, which allows me to play it on my laptop too.Skyforge is a third person adventure MMORPG with hack-and-slash combat. It came out in 2015.Skyforge was released in 2015. It's a third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG game.The 2015 adventure MMORPG, Skyforge, is a third person hack-and-slash game.What do you enjoy about 2010 games released by Firaxis Games?What do you enjoy about Firaxis Games' 2010 catalog?Why do you think that the games Firaxis Games released in 2010 are pretty fun?Do you mean 2011's Might & Magic: Heroes VI, developed by Black Hole Entertainment?Do you mean the Might & Magic: Heroes VI that was made by Black Hole Entertainment back in 2011?Is the Might & Magic: Heroes VI you mentioned the 2011 game that was developed by Black Hole Entertainment?You said you were indifferent towards Outlast II. Are you generally indifferent towards Red Barrels' first person games?I recall that you said you found Outlast II to be average. Generally do you find first person games from Red Barrels average?You mentioned that Outlast II was so-so in quality. Does it perhaps have to do with the use of a first person perspective by Red Barrels in their games?Nightshade is a text adventure game from 2017 that can be played on PC, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Nightshade is a text adventure game released in 2017 for PC only. It is not on Linux or Mac.Nightshade is a text adventure PC game released in 2017. The game was not released for Linux or Mac.Earlier you said you disliked Euro Truck Simulator. Are you just not a fan of games from 2008 by SCS Software?If I remember correctly, you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Did SCS Software do a poor job in their quality control in 2008?You told me that you dislike Euro Truck Simulator. Is this the case for all SCS Software games released in 2008?How do you feel about Visual Concepts' 2015 game, NBA 2K16?Do you have any experience with one of the games released by Visual Concepts in 2015, such as NBA 2K16?Have you ever played any of the 2015 games developed by Visual Concepts, like for example NBA 2K16?Are you talking about the Ancient Cities that is for the PC?You mean the Ancient Cities that's on the PC, right?Do you mean the PC game, Ancient Cities?When you mention The Crew 2, are you talking about the game developed by Ivory Tower that's supposed to come out on June 29, 2018?Do you mean The Crew 2, to be released by Ivory Tower on June 29, 2018?Do you mean The Crew 2 that's coming out June 29, 2018, by Ivory Tower?You felt that Worms: Reloaded was just an average game. Would you say that you often feel similarly about other action strategy platformers?So I remember that Worms: Reloaded was a game you thought was decent but not great. Do you just find all strategy action platformers to be like that?Do you find all action strategy platformers lukewarm, or just Worms: Reloaded?TrackMania Turbo is a good driving/racing arcade game released in 2016. It is a multiplayer game with first and third person perspective.TrackMania Turbo is a good driving/racing game that came out in 2016. This arcade game can be played multiplayer in the first person or third person perspective.TrackMania Turbo is a good arcade racing game from 2016. Players can compete with one another in multiplayer mode with both first and third person perspectives.You found The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim to be enjoyable. Do you often find first person perspective games like that fun?I seem to recall that you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was pretty good. Do you generally enjoy games with the first person perspective?I know you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was a pretty fun game. In general, do you tend to enjoy first person games like that?Ah, the Grand Theft Auto V from 2013 is what you mean, correct?Do you mean Grand Theft Auto V from 2013?By Grand Theft Auto V you mean the game that came out in 2013, right?While we're on the subject of first person games made by Sledgehammer Games, did you ever play Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?You ever hear of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare? You been living under a rock? It's the next first person perspective game from Sledgehammer Games.Speaking of Sledgehammer Games' first person releases, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?NHL 15 is an average sport simulation game by EA Canada for PlayStation and Xbox only. It's rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). This game is played from the bird view perspective and can be played multiplayer.NHL 15 by EA Canada is an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) simulation-sport game with bird view perspective. It has multiplayer and has average ratings. It is available on PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15, developed by EA Canada, is an average simulation and sports game played in bird view. It is available on PlayStation and Xbox with multiplayer capabilities. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, was released in 1999, with a rating of T (for Teen). It's a third person action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game. There is no multiplayer mode.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a third person action-adventure puzzle shooter with no multiplayer. It was released in 1999 and is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a single-player only third person action-adventure game with shooting elements and a ton of puzzles to solve. It was released in 1999 with a T rating.Did you find any games rated E (for Everyone) fun that came out in 1993, such as Super Bomberman?Are you a fan of E rated classic games, like the 1993 hit Super Bomberman?Did you enjoy playing the 1993 release of Super Bomberman, becuase I heard that the E for Everyone rating was very limiting?If you like side view platformer games then you should try the Nintendo video game created by the Nintendo EAD team called Super Mario World. It has an excellent rating and is rated by the ESRB as E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer. It is made by Nintendo EAD for Nintendo, and it is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is a side view platformer developed by Nintendo EAD. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and received excellent reviews from players. The game is available exclusively for Nintendo.You mentioned that you didn't have strong feelings about Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Is this the case for all Crystal Dynamics games on Steam?I know you think Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was mostly okay, but I'm curious now. Do you have similar thoughts about the rest of the games made by Crystal Dynamics available on Steam?You said earlier that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris isn't your favorite or least favorite game. Is it the same for all Crystal Dynamics games on Steam?Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is an action-adventure game developed by Climax Studios. The platformer did not offer multiplayer.For a single-player action-adventure platformer, try Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. It was developed by Climax Studios.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was an action-adventure platformer game released by Climax Studios. It doesn't have multiplayer though.I know you like games from Neversoft Entertainment. Have you tried the multiplayer game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Since you seem to be a fan of multiplayer games developed by Neversoft Entertainment, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?A multiplayer game made by Neversoft Entertainment that I liked was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Are you familiar with it?You seem to be looking for multiplayer games, in general. I wonder, have you ever come across Need for Speed: The Run?I know you like beating all your friends in multiplayer games. Have you tried Need for Speed: The Run?You were mentioning games with multiplayer. Have you heard about Need for Speed: The Run?What is it about the bird view perspective games made by MicroProse that makes you enjoy them?What's the main thing you like about bird's eye view games made by MicroProse?So now I'm wondering, what in particular do you enjoy about playing games from MicroProse that have a bird view perspective?You mentioned earlier that Small World 2, released in 2010, was not one of your favorite games. Do you not enjoy any games that Days of Wonder make?You said Small World 2 was a very off-putting game. Could it just have been that Days of Wonder had a bad year in 2010?You said earlier that you don't care for Small World 2. Does that mean that 2010 games by Days of Wonder are just not your cup of tea?According to the Entertainment and Ratings Board, the tactical and strategy game Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, is suitable for Teenagers. It is a PC game which is also available on Steam.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game rated T (for Teen). It is available only for PC and is on Steam.If you like tactical strategy games, try Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It's available on PC through Steam and is rated T.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter from 2003. It has a T (for Teen) rating.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a 2003 third person shooter. Rated T (for Teen), the game is packed with action and adventure.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter that was released in 2003 with a T rating (for Teen).What's a beautiful game you played for the Nintendo?What do you think is the most beautiful Nintendo game?What's a really beautiful game from Nintendo?Silent Hill 2 is absolutely incredible, it really makes the most of its third person perspectiveI thought that Silent Hill 2 was amazing. The third person perspective truly is the best perspective for games, and Silent Hill 2 shows it.Third person games like Silent Hill 2 are the best. First person is too close and bird's eye is too far.If you want to play a good action-adventure shooter that can be played in multiplayer mode, try out Rise of the Tomb Raider. Steam has this game available, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Unfortunately, it doesn't have a Linux or a Mac release.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a pretty good action-adventure shooter. Works on several systems, PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam, but doesn't have Linux or Mac support. It has multiplayer, which is cool.If you are interested in a good action-adventure shooter that has multiplayer, try out Rise of the Tomb Raider. It is released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's also available on Steam. Unfortunately, there is no Linux or Mac release.What do you find so unenjoyable about first person games?So I've been wondering, why do you dislike first person games so much?What is it about first person perspective games that makes you dislike them the way you do?Payday 2 was released in 2013. It's an average role-playing shooter that you play in first person. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Payday 2 is an average role-playing first person shooter game that came out in 2013. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, but is not on Linux or Mac.Payday 2 is an okay first person shooter game from 2013 where role-playing elements are present. It doesn't have a Mac or Linux release but works on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC.I remember you said you found Driver to be average. Are you normally not impressed by T (for Teen) rated games by Reflections Interactive?Driver was just okay for you. Do you feel the same about other Teen rated games from Reflections Interactive?A moment ago you said that Driver was simply okay, not bad, not good. Would you say that games by Reflections Interactive labelled with the T rating are simply missing something?Psyonix put out a game in 2015 called Rocket League. It's a multiplayer sport and vehicular combat game that has an E (for Everyone) rating.Rocket League came out in 2015 by Psyonix and is a sport game. The vehicular combat game can be played multiplayer and is rated E (for Everyone).A good sport and vehicular combat game with a multiplayer mode is Psyonix's Rocket League. It came out in 2015 and is rated E (for everyone).Metro 2033 is a 2010 single-player action, role-playing shooter.If you want an action, role-playing shooter with no multiplayer, try Metro 2033. It was released in 2010.Metro 2033 is a role-playing action shooter game released in 2010. The game has no multiplayer in it.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a multiplayer third person action-adventure shooter. It was developed by Naughty Dog for PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End by Naughty Dog is an action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation. It has multiplayer and features a third person perspective.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End by Naughty Dog is an action-adventure shooter game with a third person view. It has a multiplayer mode. It can be played on PlayStation only.I hate when games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst come with multiplayer, as the single-player then tends to be lacking in depth.Mirror's Edge Catalyst wasn't too fun for me. It's multiplayer, and I prefer to play alone.With its tacked on multiplayer, Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a pretty poor game overall.So The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, I remember you saying, is a game you felt had potential but ultimately ended up merely average. I'm curious, is that the impression you get from most of the M rated games played in a first person perspective?I recall that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. Generally are you not impressed with first person perspective games rated M (for Mature)?You've mentioned that you played The Vanishing of Ethan Carter but felt indifferent towards it. Does it mean that you feel the same about different Mature first person story games?I don't like SpellForce 3 because of the bird's eye view, as well as the lack of a Mac release.I think that SpellForce 3 is just not for me at all. The bird view perspective just doesn't work for it, and worst of all, it isn't available for my Mac.SpellForce 3 was a pretty disappointing bird's eye view game. It didn't even come to the Mac, so I had to jump through extra hoops just to be underwhelmed.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a really good game, like, just so good. Bethesda Game Studios has basically one trick and one trick only, and that's great single-player games.Bethesda Game Studios did a good job with The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, the single-player campaign is so much fun.I think that Bethesda Game Studios sometimes has troubles as a developer, but as long as they don't try to include multiplayer in a game they'll make a solid product. That's why The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was a good game.So I've been wondering for a while now, what is it about third person games that makes you feel they're good?What is it about a third person perspective in video games that makes you like them?You seem to gravitate to games with a third person perspective. What's the reason for that?what is it you enjoy about third person games?What do you like about third person games?What is it about third person games that makes you find them enjoyable?I know you enjoy third person games, what is it about that perspective that you like?So I'm curious now, why do you tend to enjoy games that are played from a third person perspective?Why do you have so much fun with third person games?Is there a game from 2011 that you felt was unusual?Are there any unusual games from 2011 I should check out?What's an unusual game you have played that came out in 2011?Madden NFL 15 can be played on PlayStation and Xbox. It is a sport simulation game that was released in 2014. It can be played multiplayer in the bird view and third person perspective. Most players rate it as average.Madden NFL 15 is an okay sport simulator. It was released in 2014 on PlayStation and Xbox, sporting both bird's eye and third person perspectives. Multiplayer is available.Madden NFL 15 is a bird view and third person sport simulation game from 2014. It has multiplayer and has average ratings. It runs on PlayStation and Xbox only.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game that was released in 1997. It was developed for the PlayStation and PC but does not have a Mac or Linux release.Final Fantasy VII is a truly excellent adventure role-playing game that was released in 1997. It is only available on PC and PlayStation, with no Linux or Mac releases.Final Fantasy VII is a great adventure role-playing game released in 1997 for PlayStation and PC. It was not released for Linux or Mac.Speaking of third person perspective games from 2005, have you heard of this other one, Resident Evil 4?A good third person game I played from back in 2005 was Resident Evil 4. Have you ever played it before?Since you seem to be a fan of third person perspective games from 2005, I thought you might like Resident Evil 4 too. Have you heard about the game?2013 had some pretty dang good point-and-click adventure games released, like The Wolf Among Us. Have you heard about it before?A 2013 adventure point and click game that I enjoyed was The Wolf Among Us. Have you played it?Since I know you like point-and-click games, have you tried the 2013 adventure game The Wolf Among Us?What is it about M rated hack-and-slash RPGs that makes you enjoy them?I wonder what it is that you mostly like about M rated hack-and-slash RPGs.What is it about M rated hack-and-slash RPGs that makes you say they're good?I've been feeling depressed lately, is their a cheerful video game you can think of that I could play?Is there a nice cheerful game you can remember playing?What's a cheerful game you've played lately?Superhot is an indie shooter for single-player tactical gaming. It came out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is, of course, available on Steam.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter that came out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. This game doesn't have multiplayer and you can get it on Steam.Check out the indie tactical shooter game, Superhot, released in 2016. Although it has no multiplayer, it was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and, of course, it's available on Steam.Never Alone is an indie side view platformer and adventure game that was released in 2014 on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can play it even on Linux, though it is not supported on Mac. The game is available for purchase on Steam.Never Alone is a side view, indie adventure platformer that is available on Steam. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Linux, but not for Mac.Never Alone is a side view, indie adventure platformer from 2014. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is supported on Linux too. It is not on Mac though, despite it being available on Steam.Transport Tycoon is an E (for Everyone) game from 1994. It is a simulation-strategy game with average ratings.Transport Tycoon, released in 1994, is an average simulation and strategy game. It is rated E (for Everyone).Transport Tycoon was released in 1994 with an E rating. It received average reviews for the sim strategy genre.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulator with first person and third person that plays on PlayStation, Xbox and PC and that you can find on Steam, though it does not have a Linux or Mac release. It is rated E (for Everyone).Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulatior that is available on Steam. It can be played in either first or third person. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but not for Linux or Mac. It has an E rating (for Everyone).Need for Speed: Shift is a PlayStation, Xbox, and PC driving/racing, simulation game. You can switch between first person and third person perspective. It is rated E (for Everyone) and available on Steam. Currently there is no Linux or Mac support.Why do you think multiplayer sports games are meh?So what is it about multiplayer sports games that you find so average?How come you're not that interested in multiplayer sports games?Personally, I thought that Need for Speed: Shift was kind of average. Slightly Mad Studios is a competent developer, but I'm not a huge fan of this driving/racing simulator genre, so that held it back some.Need for Speed: Shift was a decent driving simulator. Slightly Mad Studios did decently overall, but nothing amazing came from it.Need for Speed: Shift is an OK game. It's one of a long line of simulation driving/racing games by Slightly Mad Studios that are pretty good but not great.I was looking for a new PC game and thought I'd ask you if you've ever heard of The Wolf Among Us?While we're on the subject of PC games, are you familiar with The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of PC games, have you heard of this great game called The Wolf Among Us?Would you be interested in trying any single-player games by tobyfox, such as Undertale?Do you play any single-player games, like tobyfox's Undertale?I was wondering, have you played any single-player games developed by tobyfox, like for instance Undertale?Are there any upcoming games from Firefly Studios you're looking forward to?What's the name of the upcoming game developed by Firefly Studios?Is there any upcoming game by Firefly Studios that you're interested in?You mentioned you loved Mass Effect 2 a moment ago. However, don't you think that many games released on the PlayStation in 2010 were just excellent?You mentioned that you loved Mass Effect 2. Are you a fan in general of PlayStation games from 2010?You said that you adored Mass Effect 2. Do you feel this way when playing other 2010 PlayStation games?If you want an action-adventure game, God of War is an excellent third person role-playing platformer. It was made by SIE Santa Monica Studio exclusively for PlayStation.SIE Santa Monica Studio developed the excellent action-adventure platformer, God of War, for PlayStation only. This role-playing game is played from a third person view.God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure, role-playing platformer. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and is available only for PlayStation.Driver is a single-player driving/racing simulator that is out on PlayStation and PC. It is not on Linux, however, it is supported on Mac, though not available on Steam.Driver may not be on Steam or Linux, but it is a driving/racing simulation game released for PlayStation, PC, and Mac. It is single-player only.Driver is a driving/racing simulator game available for PlayStation and PC only. The game is single-player only. You cannot purchase the game on Steam, and it has no Linux release, but does have a Mac release.Super Bomberman came out in 1993. It's an average game with action and strategy.Super Bomberman was created in 1993. This action, strategy game received mostly average ratings.Super Bomberman is an action strategy with average likability. It came out in 1993.What is it about games on the PC that makes you feel they're so amazing?Why do you love PC games so much?Why do you love playing games on the PC more than any other platforms?Tom Clancy's The Division is a 2016 role-playing tactical shooter. It has average ratings and multiplayer is available. It's rated M (for Mature).If you enjoy role-playing shooter games with a tactical angle, try Tom Clancy's The Division. It came out in 2016 and it's a game with multiplayer support that has received average ratings. It's rated M (for Mature).If you want a multiplayer role-playing game, Tom Clancy's The Division is a decent tactical shooter. It came out in 2016 and is rated M (for Mature).Do you remember what the shortest indie point-and-click adventure game you ever played was?What do you think is the shortest indie point-and-click adventure game you ever played?What's the shortest indie point and click adventure game you know of?Stronghold 2 is an average real-time strategy simulation game that uses bird view perspective. It has multiplayer, and was developed by Firefly Studios.If you like multiplayer real-time strategy simulation games with a bird view perspective, try Stronghold 2. It was developed by Firefly Studios, and has an average rating.Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is an average real-time strategy simulation with a multiplayer mode. Every player plays the game from a bird view perspective.I wonder if you think Team17 Digital Ltd is no more than an average developer, or rather that Worms: Reloaded was just an anomaly for them.You said Worms: Reloaded was thoroughly average. Do you feel the same way about the rest of the games developed by Team17 Digital Ltd too?You were just mentioning how you felt Worms: Reloaded was a pretty average game. Do you feel similarly about other games made by Team17 Digital Ltd?I think Need for Speed: Most Wanted is fairly enjoyable. EA Redwood Shores is a developer that makes solid games and the driving/racing genre can be pretty fun.I think that EA Redwood Shores did a really good job on Need for Speed: Most Wanted, and I normally don't even enjoy driving/racing games.I had a good time playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted. I've found that I generally enjoy driving/racing games developed by EA Redwood Shores.Since we're on the subject of games developed by Telltale Games, I'm wondering, have you played The Wolf Among Us?Did you say that you like games developed by Telltale Games? I was wondering if you have heard of The Wolf Among Us.Some of your favorite games seem to have been made by Telltale Games. Have you tried their The Wolf Among Us?Since you're into multiplayer games, have you checked out Metroid Prime Pinball?Considering you like multiplayer games, have you played Metroid Prime Pinball?And speaking of games with multiplayer, have you ever heard of Metroid Prime Pinball?When I think of any adventure game, especially MMORPG, I think World of Warcraft is the way to go. It's been out since 2004 but, unfortunately, it is only available for PC and Mac users. It does not run on Linux systems, and you won't find it on Steam either.If you are looking for an older game try World of Warcraft, a MMORPG, adventure game that was released in 2004. The game has a Mac version and can be played on your PC but it doesn't have a Linux release. Unfortunately, it's not available on Steam.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG game released in 2004. It's not available on Steam and you can't play on Linux, but you can play it on PC and Mac.Do you have an opinion on third person action-adventure role-playing games, such as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?How do you feel about third person action adventure RPGs like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Are third person action-adventure RPGs, like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, something you enjoy?One of my favorite PC games from Steam is Skyforge. Although it is unavailable on Linux and Mac systems, you can play the MMORPG on the PlayStation and Xbox consoles. The gameplay includes elements of adventure and the combat features engaging hack-and-slash action.Skyforge is an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG, available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac. You can still get it on Steam though.If you're interested in an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG, try Skyforge. It has PlayStation, Xbox and PC releases and it is available on Steam. The game is not available on Mac or Linux.In 1999, Rollcage was released which is an okay third person action racing game that you can play multiplayer. It is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an action racing game that was released in 1999. The player sees it in the third person perspective. It has an average user rating, but it can be played in a multiplayer mode. The game is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an E-rated action racing game released in 1999. The game received average reviews. The game is locked into a third person perspective and features multiplayer modes.You said that you liked The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you regularley like to play Nintendo games from 1998?You said you felt The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was a really excellent game. Would you say that 1998 was just the right time for such a game to be released for the Nintendo?I remember how much you dug The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time from 1998. Do you generally dig other similar Nintendo game?Multiplayer action shooters are a style of game that I usually find to be mediocre, and Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare doesn't break that trend.I cannot say that Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare stands out from the pool of action shooters in any way. As usual, it's available for the PlayStation and comes with a multiplayer mode for competitive gaming.When it comes to multiplayer action shooters, I do tend to be quite picky. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare didn't do it for me. It was still alright, but just, meh.FIFA 12 is a sports simulation game released in 2011 by EA Canada for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It has multiplayer features. It has no Linux release.FIFA 12, a sports simulation game from EA Canada, was released in 2011. There is a multiplayer mode. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Mac, and Nintendo platforms. It's not available on Linux.The sports simulation game by EA Canada known as FIFA 12 was released in 2011. The game can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC and features multiplayer gameplay. A Mac version is available, but no Linux release was ever made.I know you feel that NHL 15 is neither particularly great, nor particularly terrible. Do you feel the same way about the other sport simulators made by EA Canada?You mentioned you thought NHL 15 was average. Are you commonly unimpressed with sports simulation games from EA Canada?You mentioned that you think that NHL 15 is okay but that it doesn't stand out from the crowd. I'm wondering, do you feel the same way about EA Canada's other sports simulators?Nightshade is a text adventure game that came out in 2017.Nightshade is a text adventure game from 2017.Nightshade is a text adventure game that was released in 2017.Need for Speed: The Run is a first and third person racing game with multiplayer features. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but has no Steam, Linux, or Mac support.Need for Speed: The Run is a multiplayer racing game that can be played from the first or third person view. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but unfortunately is not available on Steam, nor for Linux or Mac.If you are looking for a first or third person racing game with a multiplayer mode, you should try Need For Speed: The Run. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but not Steam, Linux, or Mac.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing, and shooter game. It only offers a single-player mode.Mass Effect 2 is and action-adventure role-playing shooter with no multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing shooter that does not have a multiplayer.You said earlier that you found The Forest of Doom to be average. Do you think that most PC games from 2014 are only average?I remember you saying that The Forest of Doom was an okay game. Would you say other PC games from 2014 are mostly just okay games?So a moment ago you said that The Forest of Doom was an okay game, but nothing special. Would you be inclined to say that PC games released in 2014 have just a limited entertainment value now?Do you mean Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia with a bird's eye view, for PC?Do you mean the PC game, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, featuring a bird's eye view?Is the Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia you're talking about the one with the bird view perspective that's for the PC?From the folks at Fireproof Games comes their latest game, The Room. Made just for PC fans, this indie point-and-click puzzle game will have you rockin' all day. Start your fun by visiting your Steam account.The Room, by Fireproof Games is an indie, point-and-click puzzle game for the PC. It's available on Steam.The Room is a indie point-and-click puzzle game developed by Fireproof Games. You can only play it on PC, but it's available on Steam.Payday 2 by Overkill Software is a multiplayer role-playing shooter.Overkill Software developed the shooter game, Payday 2, with role-playing elements and multiplayer.Payday 2 is a role-playing shooter that was developed by Overkill Software, and it does have multiplayer.Which perspective is the one that you prefer the most?Is there a certain player perspective that you prefer over others in games you play?What is your favorite gaming perspective?Do you prefer any specific player perspective over the others when you play games?What is your preferred player perspective in video games?Do you have a player perspective preference in video games?What player perspective type do you like most?Which player perspective do you prefer to game on?Do you enjoy games from a certain player perspective more than others?What is the player perspective you enjoy the most in games?Would you say there is a player perspective in games that you in general like the most?Is the player perspective important when you decide whether to get a game?I was wondering, have you played any of the 2K Boston developed games that are on Steam, such as BioShock?Do you like 2K Boston's games on Steam, like BioShock?Just curious, do you think 2K Boston's games available on Steam are any good, for instance BioShock?You said that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. In general, do you like to play third person games that are rated T?You said earlier that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you commonly enjoy third person games rated T (for Teen)?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you in general like third person perspective games that have a teen rating ?Assassin's Creed II is a 2009 action-adventure, platformer game with good ratings. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Mac, but not Linux. You can get it on Steam.Assassin's Creed II is considered a good action-adventure platformer. It was released in 2009 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam and Mac but currently not Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a 2009 action-adventure platformer game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is on Steam and has Mac support, but does not run on Linux. The game is really fun.So you like World of Warcraft too. Is that because you can play it on Mac?You enjoyed World of Warcraft, huh? Do you like other games on the Mac too?You previously told me you liked World of Warcraft. Do you normally expect games to have a Mac port for you to play them?Need for Speed: Shift is an average driving/racing and simulation game. It is playable in first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game that most people considered to be average. One of the cool features is the ability to switch from first person to third person perspective while you play.Need for Speed: Shift is an average driving/racing simulator. It runs in first person or third person perspective.Do you play video games on the Mac OS?Does a game having a Mac release matter to you?Is Mac your favorite platform for gaming?Do you play your games on Mac?Do you use Mac as a platform for your gaming?Do you play games on Mac?Does a game need a Mac release for you to be interested in it?Do you generally play games on the Mac OS?Do you think Mac is a better gaming platform than others?If you're looking for a single-player game with driving, fighting and shooting, Mafia, from 2002, is for you.Mafia is a 2002 single-player shooter game filled with driving and fighting.Mafia is a single-player driving/racing, fighting shooter game from 2002.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter game by Remedy Entertainment, released in 2016. The game doesn't feature multiplayer and has received average ratings.Quantum Break by Remedy Entertainment is a 2016 third person single-player adventure shooter. It has average ratings.If you like third person shooters filled with adventure, you should try this 2016 video game by Remedy Entertainment called Quantum Break. It has an average rating. Unfortunately it does not have multiplayer.What would you say was a really overrated game you played recently?What game do you think is just totally overrated?What is the most overrated game in your mind?The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an action-adventure role-playing puzzle game available for Nintendo. The game is played in third person and bird's view and is rated E, but doesn't have multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a role-playing, action-adventure, and puzzle game that has both bird view and third person perspectives. It was rated E (for Everyone) and doesn't have a multiplayer. It was released only for Nintendo.If you like action-adventure role-playing video games filled with puzzles you should try this third person game from Nintendo called The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time which also has a bird view option. This game is rated E (for Everyone) but unfortunately has no multiplayer feature.Never Alone is an adventure, indie, and platformer game. This can be played on a PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux, but not on a Mac. The rating for this 2014 game is T (for Teen).Never Alone was released to the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux in 2014. It's not available for Mac though. It's an indie adventure platformer game that is rated T (for Teen).Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux with a T (for Teen) rating. It currently has no Mac support.I remember you telling me that you didn't feel too strongly about Rollcage. But does that opinion also hold true for other action racing games by Attention To Detail?You mentioned that you didn't hate Rollcage but it didn't impress you either. Do you think there is a lot to improve in all action racing games developed by Attention To Detail?You said earlier that Rollcage is merely average. Are you generally somewhat unsatisfied by action games with driving and racing by Attention To Detail?Superhot, the indie tactical shooter released by SUPERHOT Team?Are you talking about the indie tactical shooter from SUPERHOT Team, Superhot?Is the Superhot you are referring to the indie tactical shooter developed by SUPERHOT Team?If you want a first person action-adventure shooter with multiplayer, check out Far Cry 3. It was released in 2012.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure first person shooter with multiplayer mode also available. It came out in 2012.Far Cry 3 was released in 2012. It's an action-adventure and shooter game that is presented in first person. It has a multiplayer mode.What is it about the bird view perspective games released on Steam that makes you dislike them so much?Why don't you enjoy playing those games with a bird's eye view that are on Steam?What do you find lacking in the bird's eye view games on Steam?StarCraft is a real-time strategy game released in 1998 for PC. The game is rated T (for Teen) and is not available on Steam.If you're looking for a real-time strategy game, you should try StarCraft. It came out in 1998 and is rated T (for Teen). You can play it on PC, but, unfortunately, it's not available on Steam.StarCraft is a real-time strategy game from 1998 available on PC. It is rated T (for Teen), and you can't get it on Steam.How do you feel about games from SCS Software that aren't on the Mac like Bus Driver?If you don't mind me asking, do you ever played games developed by SCS Software that don't have a Mac release, like for example Bus Driver?You ever played one of SCS Software's PC games although without a Mac release, like Bus Driver?The Sims is a strategy simulator with a bird view released in 2000 with a T rating. It has no multiplayer.The Sims was released in 2000, with a rating of T (for Teen). It is a simulation, strategy game that is played from a bird view. There is no multiplayer option.The Sims is a single-player simulation-strategy game in bird view that came out in 2000. It is rated T (for Teen).What do you find so great about action-adventure shooters?So why are action-adventure shooters some of your favorite games?Why is it that action-adventure shooters are always your favorite games?What do you love Naughty Dog's PlayStation games so much?What makes you think Naughty Dog's PlayStation games are excellent?Why do you think the games Naughty Dog releases for the PlayStation are so irresistable?Have you ever tried out any games by The Astronauts, such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?Have you given any games from The Astronauts a shot, such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?Have you played any games that were developed by The Astronauts, such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?If you're looking for a mature, adult game for the PC, I'd say play The Wolf Among Us. You ever heard of it?I know you enjoy M rated games you can play on your PC, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?It's on PC and rated M (for Mature), seems right down your alley. Are you familiar with The Wolf Among Us?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical, action game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. Overall it's a good game made by Ubisoft Montreal and is available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was developed by Ubisoft Montreal. It's a good action, tactical game for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory by Ubisoft Montreal is a good action tactical game available on Steam. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, but not Linux or Mac.An excellent action-adventure role-playing game is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It came out in 2015 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.In 2015 an excellent action-adventure RPG, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a 2015 action-adventure, role-playing game. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and received excellent ratings.The Wolf Among Us is a good game that was released in 2013. It is classified as an adventure and point-and-click type game genre. It is in the third person perspective and the developer is Telltale Games.The Wolf Among Us is a good third person point-and-click adventure game. It was developed by Telltale Games in 2013.Telltale Games also made The Wolf Among Us in 2013. It's a good third person point-and-click adventure game.Far Cry 3 is a pretty good game. It came out in 2012, which was a good year for gaming in general.Far Cry 3 was a pretty good game for 2012.I had a lot of fun with Far Cry 3 when I first picked it up in 2012Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne doesn't have a Mac release, but that's OK since it's not a good game anyway.I really hated that Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne didn't have a version for Mac. I had to borrow my brother's laptop to play.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne didn't come to Mac, but that's alright, because the game is pretty terrible anyway.Speaking of third person PlayStation games, are you familiar with Uncharted 4: A Thief's End?Have you heard of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End? It's one of Playstations' best third person exclusives.One of my favorite PlayStation games with a third person perspective is Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you know of it?Metroid Prime Pinball is an average pinball game for Nintendo. The puzzle game is rated E (for Everyone) and came out in 2005. You can play this game multiplayer.Metroid Prime Pinball was released in 2005 by Nintendo for those who enjoy puzzles and pinball. Rated E for everyone to enjoy, this otherwise average game can be played in multiplayer too.The 2005 Nintendo title Metroid Prime Pinball is a decent title rated E (for Everyone). The pinball puzzler boasts multiplayer mode.The Room is an excellent single-player indie point-and-click puzzle game. It came out in 2012 for PC and Linux, but it is not out on Mac.A single-player point-and-click puzzle game that got excellent reviews is The Room. It was released in 2012 by an indie studio, and is only available on PC and Linux, so no Mac release unfortunately.This indie game, The Room, is an excellent point-and-click puzzle game for PC. It was released in 2012 but with no multiplayer. It has no release for Mac systems but has one for Linux.Have you tried playing the multiplayer game NBA 2K16? You can play with your friends.I know you love to play multiplayer games with you friends. Have you guys tried NBA 2K16?If you're into multiplayer games, you should pick up NBA 2K16. Has anyone mentioned this game to you before?Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter from Valve Corporation that came out in 2004.In 2004 Valve Corporation released an excellent first person shooter. Half-Life 2 was that excellent game.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter game. It was developed by the Valve Corporation and released in 2004.I'm curious, have you ever played an action-adventure shooter with role-playing elements, like for example BioShock?Do you like shooter games that are part action-adventure and part role-playing, like BioShock?Do you typically like action-adventure RPG shooters like BioShock?For a good simulation-strategy, try The Sims from 2000. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but you can't get it on Steam. There is a Mac release, but not one for Linux.The Sims is a good simulation and strategy game released in 2000. It is on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It does not have a Steam or Linux release.For a good simulation and strategy game, try The Sims. It was released in 2000 for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It's not available on Steam or Linux, though.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a game I find fairly enjoyable. Strategy simulators tend to be fun and the bird view perspective is helpful when playing.I think RollerCoaster Tycoon was a good game because the strategy simulator gameplay was fun and the bird view perspective made it easy to play.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a solid simulation strategy game. I love the way the bird view is used to explore the environment.Are you referring to Diablo II, the PC game?Are you talking about the PC game Diablo II?You mentioned Diablo II, by that are you referring to the PC game?You mentioned you liked games rated E, have you tried Metroid Prime Pinball?I know you need games rated E (for Everyone) so your whole family can play. Have you tried Metroid Prime Pinball?Speaking of good E rated games, have you ever played Metroid Prime Pinball?So now I've started to wonder, have you played any games created by EA Digital Illusions CE, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?I've heard a lot about EA Digital Illusions CE, have you played any of their games, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Have you played any games from EA Digital Illusions CE, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?If I remember correctly, you told me earlier that you didn't like Small World 2. Are you in general not fond of playing games on Steam?Do you tend to not enjoy playing games on Steam, or is it just a problem with Small World 2?You mentioned not liking Small World 2 at all. Do you end up disliking many games that you get on Steam?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Do you tend to find multiplayer games on Steam lacking something in general?You previously mentioned that Stronghold 2 was merely average. Are you usually unimpressed with multiplayer games on Steam?You said that Stronghold 2 felt average. Do you think this is true for other multiplayer games on Steam?What game you've played do you think is really underrated?What would you say is an underrated game that you really enjoyed though?In your opinion, what was the most underrated game released last year?If you like music games geared toward a T (for Teen)-rated audience, you should check out the 2009-released game known as Guitar Hero: Smash Hits.I enjoy Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, the music game from 2009. It's rated T (for Teen).Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a music game released in 2009. It is rated T (for Teen).Why do you think that the PC games made by Valve Corporation are amazing?Why do you find Valve Corporation's PC games to be top tier?How come you adore PC games from Valve Corporation?Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter by Crytek Frankfurt. This game has an M (for Mature) rating and can be played multiplayer.Crysis is a first person action-adventure, shooter game that offers a multiplayer aspect. It was made by the developer Crytek Frankfurt and received a ESRB rating of M (for Mature).Crysis, developed by Crytek Frankfurt, is an action-adventure and shooter game played in first person. It has multiplayer capabilities and is rated M (for Mature).I know you've mentioned Rocket League being pretty good. Do you similarly enjoy other vehicular combat sport games with multiplayer?You mentioned that you like Rocket League. Are you a fan in general of multiplayer sports games with vehicular combat?I know you told me Rocket League is a good game. Does this sentiment hold for other multiplayer based games which feature sports and vehicular combat?Blizzard North released Diablo II in 2000. It's a hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird's eye perspective.Diablo II is a role-play and hack-and-slash style game with a bird view perspective. Blizzard North released the game in 2000.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with bird view player perspective. It was released in 2000 by Blizzard North.Do you mean the multiplayer game on PlayStation, Anthem?By Anthem, do you mean the one with multiplayer that got released for the PlayStation?Is that Anthem that you can play on PlayStation with multiplayer?I think FIFA 12 is an average game. I normally quite enjoy the side view perspective in games, but I'm not a huge fan of sport simulators.FIFA 12 is an okay game. I'm not one for simulation sports games, so take this with a grain of salt, but this side view game didn't impress me much.FIFA 12 isn't a favorite of mine at all, but I didn't hate it either. I normally like sport simulators quite a bit, but the side view perspective was an odd choice that hurt the game.Madden NFL 15 is a simulation-sport game made by EA Tiburon.Madden NFL 15 is a simulation sport game by EA Tiburon.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game that was released by EA Tiburon.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent action-adventure shooter game by Rockstar North and rated M (for Mature). This game is played by driving/racing and is in the first person or third person perspective, depending on which you choose.Grand Theft Auto V is a first and third person action-adventure game with driving and shooting, developed by Rockstar North. It has an excellent rating, and is rated M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure driving racing shooter developed by Rockstar North. It has an M (for Mature) rating and received excellent reviews from players. The game offers both first and third person perspectives.F1 2014 is a decent sport racing sim released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game can be played from both first person and third person perspectives. Currently available on Steam, the game is not released for Linux or Mac.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulation game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC via Steam. It's not available on Linux or Mac. As a racing game, it can be played in first or third person perspectives and got average reviews.F1 2014 is an average driving/racing game that is available on Steam. The sport simulation can be played in either first person or third person and is not available on Linux or Mac. The game can be played however on PlayStation, Xbox or PC.If you play point-and-click games, you might want to know that Layers of Fear is an indie first person adventure game with poor ratings.Layers of Fear is a poor indie first person point-and-click adventure game.I know of a poorly rated indie adventure point-and-click game, which you might want to avoid. It is called Layers of Fear and is played in a first person perspective.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a single-player first person indie adventure game from 2014.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was released in 2014 as a first person indie adventure game with no multiplayer.If you enjoy indie adventure games with a first person perspective, try The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It came out in 2014. It doesn't have multiplayer support.Though it isn't available on Steam, The Sims is available on all major gaming platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is a simulation strategy game that does not have a multiplayer feature.The sims is a simulation, strategy game. The game does not offer a multiplayer mode. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but you can't get it on Steam.The Sims is a simulation strategy game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. This game is not available on Steam and has no multiplayer functionality.The Wolf Among Us is a third person point-and-click adventure game.The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click third person adventure game.The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click adventure game in the third person.So I'm wondering, have you ever played a game with a Mac release, just like BioShock?Have you had fun with other Mac games, like BioShock?Do you prefer playing games available on Mac, like BioShock?Skyforge was developed by Allods Online and was released in 2015. It is a pretty poor hack-and-slash MMORPG in third person with some adventure.Skyforge from Allods Online is a poor 2015 hack-and-slash MMORPG adventure with third person view.In 2015, Allods Online released a poorly-rated hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG in third person called Skyforge.Do you enjoy playing single-player games, such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?I wonder if you remember playing a game that had no multiplayer option, such as for example The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.Do you typically enjoy single-player games, like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?If you're into point-and-click adventure games, try Layers of Fear. It's an indie game made by the Bloober Team for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. It doesn't have multiplayer or Linux or Mac support, but it's available on Steam.Layers of Fear is an indie, point-and-click, adventure game with no multiplayer. It was developed by Bloober Team and released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam but has no Linux or Mac version.If you like single-player point-and-click adventure games, you should check out Layers of Fear. An indie dev called Bloober Team made it, and even though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release, you can get it for all the major platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, PC through Steam, and even the Nintendo Switch.Which platform do you go for when it comes to games?What gaming platform do you prefer?Which platform are you partial to for video games?What gaming platform do you generally choose?What's your favorite platform for games?Which platform is your choice for gaming?Which platform do you prefer to use to game?I'm curious, do you mostly game on a single platform?What's your preferred gaming platform?The Last of Us is a great action-adventure third person shooter developed by Naughty Dog. The game is rated M (for Mature), and is available exclusively for PlayStation.The Last of Us is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter game developed by Naughty Dog. It was released for PlayStation only and is rated M (for Mature).The Last of Us is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter by Naughty Dog for the PlayStation console. It's rated M (for Mature).World of Warcraft is an adventure massively multiplayer online role-playing game released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment. The third person MMORPG with good ratings is available for PC on Blizzard's launcher with no release on Steam.In the year 2004 an adventure MMORPG, called World of Warcraft, was released for PC, though it's not available on Steam. It is played from the third person perspective and is rated pretty well.World of Warcraft is a MMORPG third person adventure game. It is a good game released in 2004. It's on PC but not on Steam.Is the Mafia you just mentioned the one that doesn't have either a Mac release or a Linux release?Would that be Mafia, the game that has neither a Mac nor Linux release?Are you talking about the game without a Linux or Mac release, Mafia?Is this the Horizon: Zero Dawn on the PlayStation?Do you mean the PlayStation game, Horizon: Zero Dawn?Do you mean Horizon: Zero Dawn that you can play on PlayStation?StarCraft is a PC and Mac real-time strategy, without Linux support. You won't find it on Steam either.If you like real-time strategy games, then you should try StarCraft. It is released on the PC and Mac but not on Linux, nor is it available on Steam.The real-time strategy for PC, StarCraft, has a Mac release, but no Linux release, nor can you find it on Steam.The multiplayer driving/racing simulator, Need for Speed: Shift, was released back in 2009, but achieved only average ratings. It offers both first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift was an okay game for racing fans. It has a little bit of simulator-styled gameplay, and you can choose whether you want to drive in first or third person, plus it has multiplayer. It's pretty cheap now too, since it came out 2009.In 2009, a game came out with an average rating that was multiplayer, named Need for Speed: Shift. It's a driving/racing simulation game that can be played in first or third person.You mean The Crew 2, the PlayStation game developed by Ivory Tower?By The Crew 2 are you talking about the PlayStation game created by Ivory Tower?The Crew 2, the one from Ivory Tower released for the PlayStation?Anthem is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter game with multiplayer. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and will be out on February 22, 2019.Anthem is an third person, role-playing, action-adventure shooter that has multiplayer. It is expected to release on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on February 22, 2019.If you want to try a new third person action-adventure role-playing shooter, look out for Anthem, which is expected to be released February 22, 2019. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and will feature a multiplayer mode.Do you play any PlayStation games from 2011 like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Okay so now I gotta ask, do you ever play PlayStation games that were released in 2011, like for example MotorStorm: Apocalypse?So then have you ever played a PlayStation game from 2011, for example MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter developed by Crytek Frankfurt for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam but does not have Linux or Mac releases.Crysis is a first person shooter developed by Crytek Frankfurt in the action-adventure genre. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam now, but unfortunately it was never released on Mac or Linux.Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter developed by Crytek Frankfurt. It was originally released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam, but is not available for Linux or Mac.The Elder Scrolls Online which was released on PC in 2014, correct?Is The Elder Scrolls Online you mentioned the one that came out for the PC in 2014?Oh, you mean The Elder Scrolls Online, the PC game from 2014, right?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you just not care much for multiplayer PC games?You said earlier that multiplayer on Tom Clancy's The Division was average. Do you find that opinion true for most PC games.You said you were indifferent towards Tom Clancy's The Division. In general, are you indifferent towards multiplayer games on the PC?Are you talking about Need for Speed: The Run on Nintendo?Do you mean the Need for Speed: The Run that's for Nintendo?You mean the Need for Speed: The Run on Nintendo, correct?Do you enjoy any multiplayer games that came out in 2010, such as Small World 2?Do you like multiplayer games from 2010 like Small World 2?Have you ever played a multiplayer game released in 2010, like for example Small World 2?What game did you find to be really boring?Did you find any releases this year to be overly boring?What's a game you found really boring and would thus never recommend?Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game from 2009, suitable for teenagers. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo, but it has poor ratings.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was developed in 2009 and is a poor music game played in first person. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo. It is rated T (for Teen).The 2009 music game Guitar Hero: Smash Hits has poor ratings. You can play it on all consoles, such as PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo, and you play it from the first person view. ESRB rated the game T (for Teen).SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing game released in 2017.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing game that came out in 2017.SpellForce 3 is a role-playing, real-time strategy game that was released in 2017.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter game that is driving/racing. You can play this game either in the first person or third person, and the game has a multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is a driving/racing action-adventure shooter with first person and third person views and multiplayer features.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure driving game with shooter elements. You can play it in first or third person with your friends because it has multiplayer.BioShock is a first person action-adventure role-playing shooter that released in 2007. The game received good ratings from players despite its lack of multiplayer.BioShock, released in 2007, is a good action-adventure role-playing shooter played in first person. It is not a multiplayer game.BioShock is a good action-adventure first person shooter with role-playing, released in 2007. The game does not feature multiplayer.Do you mean the Ancient Cities that you play from a bird view perspective?So you're talking about the Ancient Cities with the bird view perspective, right?Are you talking about Ancient Cities with a bird view perspective?BioShock is an action-adventure, role-playing shooter that was developed by 2K Boston. It was released in 2007 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam and has a Mac release, but it doesn't have a Linux release.BioShock is an action-adventure role-playing game with shooter elements and released in 2007 by 2K Boston. It is available on PC and Mac but not Linux, and it can be found on Steam. The game is also on the PlayStation and Xbox consoles.Bioshock was released in 2007 by developer 2K Boston. This game has been categorized as an action-adventure role-playing shooter and is also available in the Steam store. Bioshock is available on the PC, PlayStation, and Xbox consoles. This game has no Linux release but it does have a Mac release.I know you found Driver okay, but didn't really love it. I'm wondering, in general do you think that about driving/racing simulators that don't have any multiplayer option?You mentioned earlier that you found Driver to be average. In general are you unimpressed with single-player simulation games featuring driving/racing?I recall you mentioned that Driver was just an average game. Does this sentiment hold for all driving/racing simulations which are single-player?In 2016 a tactical, indie, shooter game came out on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game is called Superhot and it has a Linux and Mac release and is also available on Steam which means there is no excuse not to check it out. Unfortunately, you'll have to play solo because it's not a multiplayer game.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game released in 2016, which is available on all platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Steam, Linux and even Mac. The game does not have multiplayer.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game from 2016, although without a multiplayer. You can pick it up off of the digital stores for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam, and it has full support for Linux and Mac.You mentioned previously that you liked Life is Strange. Are you typically fond of M (for Mature) rated games from 2015?I remember you tell me that you thought Life is Strange was good. Is that the general sense you get for other M rated 2015 games?So I believe you liked Life is Strange. Was 2015 a good year for M rated games, do you remember?Trivial Pursuit is a poor trivia/board game which was released in 2009. You can play it on PlayStation or Nintendo.Trivial Pursuit came out in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo. It is a poor trivia/board game.Trivial Pursuit is a poor trivia/board game that was released in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo.Tom Clancy's The Division, which arrived in 2016, is a role-playing tactical shooter played from the third person perspective. It's rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a third person tactical shooter and role-playing game that was released in 2016 and was rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing tactical third person shooter game that was released in 2016 and is rated M (for Mature).Bus Driver is an indie driving simulator that came out in 2014. It can be played on PC, and, though it doesn't have a Mac or a Linux release, it's available on Steam. It is rated E (for Everyone).Bus Driver is an indie driving simulaton game from 2014 that is rated E (for Everyone). It was released on PC, but not for Linux or Mac. It's currently available on Steam.Bus Driver is a 2014 indie driving simulation game that was developed for PC only. It is rated E (for Everyone) and is available on Steam, though it isn't compatible with Linux and Mac.Super Mario World was released by Nintendo EAD in 1990. Did you play it back then?I know it came out in 1990, but Nintendo EAD's Super Mario World is a classic. Have you ever played it?And speaking of 1990 games made by Nintendo EAD, have you ever played Super Mario World?Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure and role-playing shooter.Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure game featuring role-playing and shooting.Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure game with role-playing and shooting elements.Little Big Adventure, the third person action-adventure game?Are you talking about Little Big Adventure, the third person action-adventure game?Do you mean the third person action-adventure game, Little Big Adventure?Metro Exodus is a game expected to be released by 4A Games in 2019. It's an adventure first person shooter with tactical elements. It's slated to come out on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Metro Exodus is a first person shooter game being developed by 4A Games. The adventure tactical shooter is expected to be released in 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.4A Games will release Metro Exodus in 2019. It is a first person adventure tactical shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter with a good rating. In it, you can choose between first and third person view. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics and is rated M (for Mature).After playing Rise of the Tomb Raider, I must agree with the positive ratings this action-adventure shooter by Crystal Dynamics garnered. The ability to flip between first and third person is nice, especially for the shooting sequences. Keep in mind it's an M-rated game.Rise of the Tomb Raider by Crystal Dynamics is a first and third person action-adventure, shooter. It has good ratings, and it is M (for Mature).Honestly, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare felt somewhat uninspired for a developer like Sledgehammer Games. It makes me feel pretty desensitized saying a game like that, with M rated content, has become rote, but hey, here we are.Sledgehammer Games did a decent job with Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, yet with the ESRB rating of M it sometimes gets a bit unpleasant for me.I'm not a fan of M rated games, so I thought I'd hate Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. But Sledgehammer Games is a developer that knows what they're doing most of the time, so I actually found it to be okay.Tetris is an arcade, strategy, puzzle game that was released for Nintendo and PC. It has both a Linux and a Mac release.Tetris is an arcade, puzzle, strategy game for Nintendo and PC. There was also a release for Linux and Mac.The arcade puzzle strategy game, Tetris, can be played on Nintendo or PC. It has a Linux and Mac release, too.Madden NFL 15 is an average third person sports sim with the option of playing from a bird view perspective. It is only available on PlayStation and Xbox, but it has multiplayer.Madden NFL 15 is a third person sports simulation game that offers a bird's eye view as well. It was released on the PlayStation and Xbox and offers multiplayer. It received overall average reviews.Madden NFL 15 is a bird view and third person multiplayer simulation-sports game with average ratings. It runs on PlayStation and Xbox.You said a while ago that you like Rocket League. Is it normal for you to like Nintendo Switch games developed by Psyonix?You mentioned that you enjoyed Rocket League. Is it safe to say then that you're a fan of other Nintendo Switch games from Psyonix?You mentioned liking Rocket League. Do you think that even other games developed by Psyonix for the Nintendo Switch could be good?I remember you hated Guitar Hero: Smash Hits when it first came out. Would you say 2009 was just a bad year for Nintendo games?You said earlier that you were not fond at all of Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is it the case with all 2009 Nintendo games?You said earlier that you hated Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Are you generally not about Nintendo games from 2009?You mentioned that you found Football Manager 2015 to be a good game. Do you also enjoy other games made by Sports Interactive that feature multiplayer?You said that you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you generally like multiplayer games by Sports Interactive?You previously said that you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you find that you're often fond of multiplayer games from Sports Interactive?Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a turn-based strategy RPG available on PC. It is available on Steam.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a turn-based role-playing strategy game for PC only. It is available on Steam.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a PC-only game, available on Steam, for those who enjoy role-playing and turn-based strategy.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure, role-playing, and shooter game for the PlayStation. The game is played from the third person perspective. The game was released in 2017 and has an ESRB rating of T (for Teen). The game has no multiplayer.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a third person action-adventure shooter RPG from 2017. This PlayStation game has no multiplayer and is rated T (for Teen).Horizon: Zero Dawn is a role-playing third person shooter game from 2017 with a lot of action and adventure. It is a PlayStation exclusive game with no multiplayer options, and it's suitable for teenagers.Do you enjoy any Xbox games by Remedy Entertainment, like their Max Payne?I was curious, have you ever played Xbox games developed by Remedy Entertainment, like for example Max Payne?Are you a fan of Remedy Entertainment's Xbox games, like Max Payne?Need for Speed: Payback is a third person racing game. It was developed in 2017 and released for play on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It has not been released for Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Payback is a driving/racing game that came out in 2017. This third person game was not released for Mac or Linux but is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Need for Speed: Payback is a 2017 third person racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not released on Mac or Linux.On September 7, 2018, the new third person action-adventure game, Spider-Man, is being released. It will be available on PlayStation only.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game that is played in the third person perspective. The game is expected to be released on September 7, 2018 exclusively for PlayStation.Spider-Man will be released on September 7, 2018. It's a third person action-adventure game for PlayStation.If you enjoy indie adventure games, check out Outlast II. It was released in 2017 by Red Barrels and can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam.Outlast II by Red Barrels in 2017 is an indie adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam.Outlast II is an indie adventure title developed by Red Barrels. It was released in 2017 on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC platforms, including availability on Steam.Bloober Team's Layers of Fear was pretty poor. It's a first person adventure point-and-click indie game available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.I found Layers of Fear to be a rather poor game. It's an indie first person point-and-click adventure made by Bloober Team and released on just about every platform. You can buy it for PlayStation, Xbox, PC through Steam, and the Nintendo Switch, but I'm not sure I'd recommend it unless you were a huge fan of point-and-click adventures.The poor indie point-and-click adventure title Layers of Fear is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. The first person game by the Bloober Team is available on Steam.I like World of Warcraft, I just wish it were available on Steam.I used to love World of Warcraft, I just wish it was available on Steam, that would be so convenient.World of Warcraft is pretty good, unfortunately you have to download a launcher for it on its own, since it's not available on Steam.Football Manager 2015 could be a good choice for someone looking for something different than the average sports simulation game, as it is also strategy focused. It was released in 2015 by Sports Interactive.Football Manager 2015 is a simulation and sports strategy game developed by Sports Interactive.Football Manager 2015 is a simulation and sport game. The strategy game was made by Sports Interactive.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure, role-playing that was rated M (for Mature).The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an M rated adventure/role-playing game that has rated positively by players.One of the good adventure role-playing games I recently played is The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. The game is restricted to mature audiences only.Is the Football Manager 2015 that you just mentioned the one that was released in 2014 and is a strategy sport simulator?Do you mean 2014's simulation strategy sports game, Football Manager 2015?Are you talking about Football Manager 2015, the sports simulation game with strategy elements, released in 2014?What is your favorite ESRB content rating?Is there a particular ESRB content rating a game must have for you to even consider it?What ESRB content rating do you prefer?Is there an ESRB rating which you prefer games to have for you to play them?Do you require that your games have a specific ESRB rating?If the content rating is important to you, which ESRB label do you mostly like your games to have?Do you prefer to play games with a particular ESRB rating?If the ESRB rating of a game matters to you, which one do you normally go with?Do you generally look at the ESRB content rating of a game before playing it?Which is your preferred ESRB rating for the games you play?Games with which ESRB rating do you typically play?Which ESRB content label do you typically want your games to have?Super Mario World is an excellent Nintendo game that was released in 1990. It is a side view, platformer game that can be played multiplayer.Super Mario World is an excellent side view, multiplayer platformer. It was released in 1990 for Nintendo.Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer with a multiplayer feature that was released in 1990 for Nintendo.What's your favorite gritty rated M game?Have you played any gritty M rated games lately?Is there any gritty, M rated game that you enjoyed lately?I think The Elder Scrolls Online is okay, but nothing special. First person games like it can be fun, but it's on PC, so of course it's full of bugs.I was kind of underwhelmed with The Elder Scrolls Online. I guess that's what happens when you take a traditionally single-player first person RPG series and make a PC MMORPG out of it.I know most people really like The Elder Scrolls Online, but I thought it was just OK. First person games on the PC are not my favorite.Are you talking about the Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia that has been released on Linux though not available on Steam?Are you talking about Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, the one on Linux but not on Steam?Is the Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia you mentioned the one that you can't get on Steam but which has a Linux release?Team17 Digital Ltd created an action platformer game with a side view perspective that goes by the name of Worms: Reloaded. The game was released in 2010, and the gameplay involves lots of strategy.If you haven't yet played Worms: Reloaded from 2010, you might want to give it a try. Team17 Digital Ltd made this strategic platformer with a side view perspective and a lot of action.Worms: Reloaded is an action-filled strategic platformer with a side view, developed by Team17 Digital Ltd in 2010.When you mention The Crew 2, do you mean the driving/racing game that's supposed to come out later this year, on June 29, 2018?The Crew 2, the driving/racing game expected to be released June 29, 2018?Are you referring to The Crew 2, the upcoming driving/racing title releasing June 29, 2018?Why don't you ever enjoy games without multiplayer?Is there something about multiplayer that puts you off?If you don't mind me asking, why is it if a game doesn't have multiplayer you just don't like it at all?Do you know any broken games from 2001? I love old games with quirky flaws.What do you think was the most broken game that came out in 2001?What's a game you know of from 2001 that was just plain broken?If you're looking for a Mature rated game that is specific for role-playing, tactical, and shooting then Tom Clancy's The Division is the game for you.The tactical shooter game, Tom Clancy's The Division, has a role-playing scheme and is rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a tactical, role-playing, shooter that is rated M (for Mature).Need for Speed: The Run is a driving/racing game released in 2011. It is considered to be average quality and allows first or third person perspective for the player.The 2011 racing game, Need for Speed: The Run, was decent and offers both first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: The Run is a first and third person racing game from 2011 with average reviews.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer. It is available on Steam, and is also available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.The indie adventure platformer, Never Alone, was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is available on Steam.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer. It's available for PC, PlayStation, and Xbox. It is also available on Steam.Stronghold 2 is an average quality real-time strategy simulation game.You could consider Stronghold 2, it's an RTS simulator with average ratings.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy and simulation game that has an average rating.Hey, is the NBA 2K19 you mentioned the one that's supposed to come out on September 11, 2018?Do you mean the game launching September 11, 2018, NBA 2K19?You mean the NBA 2K19 slated for release on September 11, 2018, right?The NBA 2K19 that will be released on September 11, 2018?You mean the NBA 2K19 slated for release on September 11, 2018, right?Are you talking about NBA 2K19 that's coming out September 11, 2018?Do you enjoy games from Days of Wonder, such as 2010's Small World 2?Have you heard of the game by Days of Wonder that came out in 2010 called Small World 2?I was wondering, do you also like the 2010 games developed by Days of Wonder, such as Small World 2?Assassin's Creed II, a solid action-adventure platformer from 2009, is played in the third person perspective.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer released in 2009. The game received good ratings from players.Assassin's Creed II is a good game released in 2009. It's an action-adventure platformer that is played in third person perspective.Speaking of T (for Teen) games from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?If we're talking about T rated games made by Ensemble Studios, Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is one of the best. Have you played it before?Since you seem to be a fan of teen-rated games by Ensemble Studios, I thought you might like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you heard about the game?Portal 2 is a platforming first person shooter with puzzle elements. The game was developed by Valve Corporation for PlayStation and PC, and you can get it on Steam.Portal 2 by Valve Corporation is a first person, puzzle, platformer, shooter game. It runs on PlayStation and PC, and is available for Steam.Portal 2, developed by Valve Corporation, is a first person shooter with puzzle and platformer elements. It is available for PlayStation, PC, and on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game that sports a bird view and was released on platforms of PC and Xbox by game developer MicroProse in 1999. It can also run on Linux, though not on Mac.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a 1999 game by MicroProse with bird view. It is a simulation-strategy game for Xbox and PC. It is supported by Linux, but not Mac.1999 saw the release of RollerCoaster Tycoon from MicroProse on Xbox, PC, and Linux (but not Mac). It's a strategy sim that lets you survey your domain with a bird view perspective.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game developed for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. The game was released to average critical reception. The game is currently available on major platforms including Mac, with no Linux release.If sport games are your thing you should look into Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC and got an average rating. It did get a Mac release but no Linux.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sport game. It has received average ratings and was released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, with Mac support. It currently does not have a Linux release.And speaking of games that can be played on both Mac and Linux, are you familiar with Undertale?Don't you like games that have Linux and Mac releases? Either way, there's this fun game called Undertale I think you'd like that runs on both. Have you played it?If you play games both on Mac and Linux, Undertale is definitely one to check out. Have you heard of it?FIFA 12 is an E rated sports simulation game with a both a bird view, side view. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, but it has not been released on Steam.FIFA 12 is a sports simulation available for Nintendo, Xbox, PlayStation, and PC. You get to play the game of soccer and can do so from the bird's eye or side view perspectives. It's not available on Steam but its ESRB rating is E (for Everyone).Fifa 12 is a decent sports simulator. It's pretty cool how the game swaps from the bird's eye perspective down to a side view while you're playing. You can get the game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo consoles, and PC, but unfortunately it's not on Steam. Of course, as a sports game there's not much objectionable content so it's rated E.SpellForce 3 is a poorly rated real-time strategy role-playing game with a bird view, developed by Grimlore Games.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy game developed by Grimlore Games. The game incorporates role-playing elements with a bird view and was released to poor critical reception.SpellForce 3, developed by Grimlore Games, is a poor role-playing, real-time strategy with bird view perspective.The Room is an excellent indie, point-and-click, puzzle game from 2012 with first person view.The Room is an excellent 2012 game. It's an indie, point-and-click, puzzle game, and it's in first person view.The Room from 2012 was an excellent indie game. It's a point-and-click puzzle game played in the first person.Quantum Break is considered an average third person shooter, an adventure game developed by Remedy Entertainment and released in 2016.Quantum Break by Remedy Entertainment in 2016 is a third person adventure shooter with average ratings.If you're looking for the average third person adventure-shooter, you should try Remedy Entertainment's Quantum Break. It came out in 2016.A good strategy game, Football Manager 2015, was released in 2014 by Sports Interactive. It is a sport simulation title that also has multiplayer.Football Manager 2015 is a good sport simulation strategy game by Sports Interactive. The game was released in 2014 and has multiplayer.Football Manager 2015 is a good sport simulation and strategy game developed by Sports Interactive. It was released in 2014 and offers a multiplayer mode.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was okay but nothing great. The problem is the shoehorned multiplayer mode just diluted the focus and prevented any part of the game from truly excelling.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an all around average experience briefly elevated by its decent multiplayerIt's the multiplayer that made Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris a decent game. Without it, it would have been even worse.Alan Wake's American Nightmare came out in 2012 to poor reviews. This action-adventure shooter is on Xbox and PC through Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a pretty poor action-adventure shooter from 2012, and released for Xbox and PC only. It's available on Steam, but doesn't have a Linux or a Mac release.Released in 2012, Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a generally poorly constructed action-adventure shooter game. The game is available on Steam for Xbox and PC but it has not been released for Linux or Mac.Super Bomberman is a bird's eye view action strategy game developed by Hudson Soft and released in 1993. The game has an E (for Everyone) rating and received average reviews from players. The game has no multiplayer support.Super Bomberman by Hudson Soft in 1993 is a single-player bird view action-strategy game. It is rated E (for Everyone) and has average ratings.Super Bomberman was released in 1993 from Hudson Soft. It is an average action and strategy game played in the bird view point-of-view. It is not a multiplayer game and is rated E (for Everyone).Outlast II is an average indie adventure game that came out in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. The game cannot be played multiplayer and is not available on Linux, but is available for Mac.Outlast II is an indie adventure game released in 2017 and with an average user rating. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. It is a single-player game that has been released on Mac, but not Linux.If you're looking for an indie adventure game with decent reviews, you should try Outlast II. It came out in 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo Switch. It's also on PC and Mac but not on Linux. It's single-player only.Life is Strange from 2015 is a good RPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There is Mac and Linux support.Life is Strange is a role-playing game released in 2015 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC (this includes Linux and Mac systems) and is available on Steam. It has received overall good ratings.Life is Strange is a good RPG released in 2015. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, Mac or PC via Steam.Oh, do you mean Little Big Adventure on Steam?The same Little Big Adventure up on Steam?Are you referring to the Little Big Adventure that is available on Steam?Life is Strange is a third person role-playing that released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and doesn't have a multiplayer. It is available on Steam, and it has both a Linux and Mac release.Role-playing game Life is Strange, is a third person single-player title. It was released for PC, Xbox, and PlayStation while being available on Mac, Linux, and Steam.Life is Strange is a single-player third person role-playing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is supported by Mac and Linux. It is also available on Steam.Have you enjoyed played any games by tobyfox that came out in 2015, such as Undertale?I absolutely enjoyed tobyfox's 2015 release of Undertale. What did you think about it?Are you a fan of any games from 2015, such as tobyfox's Undertale?I heard you think Driver is O.K. Does that mean you only kind of like third person driving simulations?You said that Driver was so-so. Do you think the third person view is not quite the right player perspective in driving/racing simulators?You seem to be lukewarm about Driver. Is this pretty much the same for all driving/racing simulators which are in the third person?Skyforge is a pretty poor third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported by Mac or Linux.Skyforge is a poorly reviewed adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG that you play from the third person perspective. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It has no Linux or Mac release.I was playing this adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG called Skyforge. It's a third person game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC that has a poor rating. You can find it on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.It's cool that you loved Metro 2033. Do you love other first person games that are rated Mature?Earlier you said that you liked Metro 2033. Is it safe to say you're a fan of first person perspective games rated M (for Mature)?So you had a good time playing Metro 2033. I can't help but wonder, do you find playing M rated games most immersive when played from a first person perspective?Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released in 2011 as a strategic turn-based role-playing game that you play multiplayer with a bird view perspective. It received average ratings.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a bird view, role-playing turn-based strategy game released in 2011. It has only an average rating, but has multiplayer.If you like role-playing games, Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average multiplayer turn-based strategy game. It came out in 2011 and is set in bird view perspective.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy that was released for PC only, but does not have a Linux or Mac release. It was released in 2002.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy released in 2002 exclusively for PC. The game has no Linux or Mac release.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a PC game released in 2002. It is a role-playing turn-based strategy. It was not released on Linux or Mac.Since you seem to be a fan of adventure point-and-click games by Telltale Games, I thought you might like The Wolf Among Us too. Have you heard about the game?So, speaking of point-and-click adventure games released by Telltale Games, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?I think my favorite out of all the point-and-click adventure games made by Telltale Games might actually be The Wolf Among Us. Have you played it?What is it about Evolution Studios multiplayer games that you find so off-putting?Why makes you hate multiplayer games made by Evolution Studios?Why do you dislike Evolution Studios' multiplayer games?Driver is an average driving/racing game that is played in a simulation style. It was released in 1999.If you're interested in a driving/racing simulation game, try Driver. It was released in 1999 and has average ratings.Driver is a driving/racing simulator released in 1999 to average reviews.Never Alone is a T (for Teen) game released in 2014. It is a multiplayer, side view indie adventure-platformer with average ratings.Never Alone was released in 2014. It is an indie adventure platformer game that is rated T (for Teen). The player perspective is side view and it can be played on multiplayer. It has average rating.If you are into indie adventure platformer games then you should try the 2014 video game called Never Alone which uses a side view perspective. This game has an average rating which the ESRB rated T (for Teen) and has multiplayer.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game that is rated T (for Teen).Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game rated T (for Teen).The action-adventure game, Mirror's Edge Catalyst, involves fighting but is still rated T (for Teen).Do you ever play video games based around music, like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?I'm curious, do you have any experience playing any games in the music genre, games like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Do you like music games, such as Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?The Forest of Doom is an average text adventure RPG for the PC. Though it's available through Steam, and has Linux and Mac support, there's no multiplayer.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing, text adventure game for PC. You can also get it for Steam, Linux, and Mac. Multiplayer mode is not available.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing, text adventure game with no multiplayer. It got average reviews and is out for PC, Steam, Linux, and Mac.Undertale is an amazing game, tobyfox really set a high standard for his future endeavors with this one.Undertale is a great game by one of my favorite developers, tobyfox.I love playing games by tobyfox, they're so fun. Take Undertale, for example.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was released in 2011 on the PlayStation console, with a poor rating. This vehicular combat game is played in the third person perspective and also allows multiplayer.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game for the PlayStation. It is a multiplayer, third person game with poor ratings that came out in 2011.MotorStorm: Apocalypse came out in 2011. The game, involving third person vehicular combat, was released only on the PlayStation. Although the game supports multiplayer, the reviews were poor.You previously mentioned liking Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Generally are you a fan of games from 1998 by Pyro Studios?I know you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines quite a lot. Have you checked out any other games made around 1998 by Pyro Studios?I heard you say earlier that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was a good game. Do you usually like games from Pyro Studios released in 1998?NBA 2K16 is a sports game that offers the third person perspective and was released in 2015 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It does not support the Linux and Mac systems.NBA 2K16 is a third person sport game that released in 2015 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has no Linux or Mac versions.NBA 2K16 was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2015, but has no Linux or Mac release. It is a third person sports game.What do you think is the most confusing shooter ever made?Are there any shooters that are just plain confusing?Have you ever played a shooter game that you found confusing?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game you can play on Xbox. It's rated E (for Everyone).If you enjoy music games, try Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. It is available for Xbox and is rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game developed exclusively for Xbox. It is rated E (for Everyone).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure, third person shooter game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure third person shooter.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a third person action-adventure and shooter game.Outlast II is an indie adventure game from 2017. The game features a first person perspective.If you want to try an indie first person adventure game, you should check out the 2017 video game called Outlast II.Outlast II is an adventure, indie game. It was released in 2017 and sports the first person perspective.Earlier, you mentioned enjoying Little Nightmares. Would you say that you feel similarly about other adventure puzzle platformers made by Tarsier Studios?You said earlier that you liked Little Nightmares. Do you tend to enjoy adventure games with platforming and puzzles from Tarsier Studios?I remember you telling me that Little Nightmares was a good game. Do you normally like adventure platformers with puzzle elements that are developed by Tarsier Studios?You said you were not really into Skyforge. Do you find hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG games not interesting?Do you dislike all hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs, or just Skyforge in particular?You said Skyforge stunk. Don't you say that about most adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG games though?I thought that Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was a pretty fun game. I like tactical action games like it and the M rating meant it didn't need to hold back with its content.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is, predictably, an M rated tactical action game. But it works, it's a good game!Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a solid addition to any gamer's collection. Planning out the defeat of my enemies is always refreshing in this gritty M rated tactical action game.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is an adventure type role-playing game. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, as well as PC via Steam, but there is not Linux or Mac release.For a role-playing adventure, try The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and can be downloaded on Steam. There is no Mac or Linux release, however.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a role-playing adventure game that is on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. This game is not available on either Linux or Mac, but is on Steam.Oh man, Mirror's Edge Catalyst didn't live up to my expectations of a game by EA Digital Illusions CE. The multiplayer could have been so much better.Although Mirror's Edge Catalyst had a fairly fun multiplayer to offer, everything else didn't quite live up to my expectations of a game made by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is okay, I guess. I normally love games with multiplayer like this, but I don't think I like the style of games developed by EA Digital Illusions CE.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits received poor reviews compared to similar titles in the music game genre. The entire game is from a first person perspective, and it's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poor first person music game. The game is available on either PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game that received poor ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Do you mean the simulation sport strategy game from Sports Interactive, Football Manager 2015?Football Manager 2015 the sports simulation game mixed with strategy, developed by Sports Interactive?When you mention Football Manager 2015, do you mean the strategy sport simulator developed by Sports Interactive?Little Big Adventure came out in 1994 and is an average action-adventure game. You can play this game in third person, and it's rated T (for Teen).A decent action-adventure game, Little Big Adventure, suitable for teenagers, was released in 1994. The game is played from a third person view.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game that came out in 1994. It has received average ratings and is rated T (for Teen).You mentioned not liking Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you not a fan of most games Konami released in 2008?You said that you disliked Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Do you dislike Konami games from 2008 for the most part?I know you found Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 to be very unpleasant to play. Would you say that the games Konami released in 2008 suffered an exceptional drop in quality?Man, I thought Mirror's Edge Catalyst could have been so much better as a first person game for the PlayStation.I think Mirror's Edge Catalyst is alright. I would say games with a first person view on the PlayStation just don't get better than mediocre.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was a pretty mediocre first person game. When it came to the PlayStation, I picked it up, but honestly I found it didn't do the premise justice.Of the games released in 2013, which do you think was the longest?Do you know which game had the longest story mode in 2013?What's the longest game from 2013?Final Fantasy VII is an amazing adventure role-playing game. The third person and bird view gives players a great perspective from which to view the action. Final Fantasy VII is available for PlayStation, PC, and Steam.Final Fantasy VII is a bird view adventure role-playing game allowing gameplay in the third person view as well. It is an excellent game for PlayStation and PC only, and is available on Steam.An excellent adventure RPG you can play from either a bird's eye view or in third person is Final Fantasy VII. It's available on Steam for PC, and you can play it on your PlayStation too.What game have you played with a limiting storyline?Are there any games you've found pretty limiting?Do you have an experience with a game, where you found the gameplay very limiting?Need for Speed: Payback is a multiplayer third person driving/racing game. It has poor ratings.If you like multiplayer third person driving/racing games, then you should try Need for Speed: Payback despite the poor rating.Need for Speed: Payback is a lackluster multiplayer third person driving/racing game.I like gritty M rated RPGs, but the shooter elements in Payday 2 held it back and I was left feeling it was just okay.Payday 2 was an okay game, but I think it could have been much better. I like M rated shooters like it but I think the attempt to also blend in the role-playing genre was a mistake and held the game back.Payday 2 is okay. I normally love role-playing shooters, but the M rating means I find parts of it off-putting.Diablo II, developed by Blizzard North, is a good hack-and-slash and role-playing game played in bird view. It is playable on PC only and is not available on Steam.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game that has been released by Blizzard North. It sports a bird's eye view for player perspective and is available for the PC, but you cannot download it from Steam. It has received overall good ratings.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing PC game with bird view perspective. It was developed by Blizzard North and is not currently available on Steam.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a bird's eye view turn-based strategy sim developed by Firaxis Games.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a bird view turn-based simulation strategy developed by Firaxis Games.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based simulation strategy played in bird view perspective. It was developed by Firaxis Games.Speaking of PlayStation games from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Since you seem to be a fan of PlayStation games by Ensemble Studios, I thought you might also like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you checked that one out?Hey have you played Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings? It's this PlayStation game from Ensemble Studios, I think you'd like it.If you are planning on trying a new third person adventure shooter, look out for Shadow of the Tomb Raider. It is expected to be released September 14, 2018.Shadow of the Tomb Raider comes out September 14, 2018. It's an adventure third person shooter.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is expected to be released on September 14, 2018. It's a third person adventure-shooter.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter released in 2013 for PlayStation.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter game that was released for PlayStation in 2013.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter released in 2013 exclusively for PlayStation.Dirt: Showdown is a 2012 sport racing game by Codemasters Southam. It allows you to drive with a first or third person perspective, whichever you prefer. It's suitable for everyone 10 and above.Dirt: Showdown from Codemasters Southam came out in 2012. It's a sport racing game that's rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older), and has first and third person perspectives.Dirt: Showdown is a game that was released in 2012 that is a racing sport game. This game was developed by Codemasters Southam that is a first person and third person game. This game is for everyone 10 and older.If you want a great bird view role-playing game, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a third person action-adventure, puzzle game. It is rated E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an awesome action-adventure puzzle role-playing game with both a bird's eye and a third person view. The game received an E (for Everyone) rating.If you like action and adventure with puzzles and role-playing, you'll fall in love with The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. The game plays out from a bird view or third person perspective, and it has received excellent ratings. It's rated E (for Everyone).Crysis is an action-adventure game released in 2007 by Crytek Frankfurt. It features shooting and is compatible with PlayStation, Xbox and your PC. You can get it on Steam right now too.Crysis was developed by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007. An action-adventure shooter, it is available on PC through Steam, as well as on PlayStation and Xbox.Crysis was developed by Crytek Frankfurt and came out in 2007. It is a action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam.Why is it that you seem to love every Xbox game that came out in 2002?What do you think made 2002 such a great year for Xbox games?What is it about the Xbox games released in 2002 that makes you a fan of them?Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulation game with both first and third person perspectives. This game developed by Kunos Simulazioni has an overall good rating.Assetto Corsa is a good driving racing simulation sport game by Kunos Simulazioni. It uses a first and third person perspective.Assetto Corsa is Kunos Simulazioni's sport racing sim that allows you to play from both first and third person perspectives. It has received overall good reviews.EA Digital Illusions CE made Mirror's Edge Catalyst, and action-adventure fighting game, for both PlayStation and Xbox. If you have a PC, you can play it too, but unfortunately not on Steam. The game is not available for Mac users, but it has a Linux release.EA Digital Illusions CE devolped Mirror's Edge Catalyst. It is an action-adventure fighting game for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux. There is sadly no Steam or Mac release.If you're looking for a game you can play on Linux, check out Mirror's Edge Catalyst. It's an action-adventure game with fighting elements made by EA Digital Illusions CE, released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam though, and it won't run on a Mac either.God of War is a third person action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game for the PlayStation. It was a developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio in 2018 and has an excellent rating.God of War is a third person video game that was released in the year 2018. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and has received excellent ratings and reviews. The game is an action-adventure, platformer, and role-playing styled game and is released on the PlayStation home console.SIE Santa Monica Studio's amazing entry, God of War, is a PlayStation exclusive. Released in 2018, the game contains platforming, role-playing, and action-adventure elements viewed from a third person view.The other day I discovered Ori and the Blind Forest, and it's amazing. Moon Studios is a brilliant developer that always makes good games, and the omission of multiplayer means they were able to really focus on making the best possible single-player experience.I've always preferred single-player games and Moon Studios is a developer that knows exactly how to make a solid single-player experience, which is why Ori and the Blind Forest is a truly excellent game.Ori and the Blind Forest is a home run for Moon Studios. This gorgeous single-player game is among my favorites now.The first person perspective game on Steam, BioShock?Do you mean the first person perspective game, BioShock, that can be bought on Steam?By BioShock, do you mean the first person game that's available on Steam?The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing text adventure game that is available on Steam. The PC game is playable on both Linux and Mac.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure of average quality. It is only released on PC and is available on Steam. There are Mac and Linux versions available too.The Forest of Doom is a decent role-playing text adventure game. It can be played on PC and is available on Steam. It does even have a Linux and Mac release.You mean the 2001 Neversoft Entertainment game, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, right?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3? Oh, isn't that the game Neversoft Entertainment made back in 2001?You're talking about Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the 2001 game developed by Neversoft Entertainment, right?Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation and turn-based strategy game. It was released in 2010 and is a PC game. It will be available on Steam and has a Linux and Mac release.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy sim that came out in 2010. It is available on Steam for PC, Mac, and Linux.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation and turn-based strategy game released in 2010 for PC. It is available on Steam, and has been released on Linux and Mac as well.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good turn-based strategy game with multiplayer elements which was released in 1999.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game from 1999. It has good ratings and a multiplayer mode.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good, multiplayer turn-based strategy game that was released in 1999. It can be played multiplayer.You mentioned that you really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you commonly a big fan of action-adventure games on PlayStation with shooting and tactical gameplay?You've been a fan of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater ever since you played it for the first time, seems like. Do you still play tactical action-adventure shooters on the PlayStation?I know you thought Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was great. Do you think other action-adventure tactical shooters on PlayStation are great normally?Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure third person shooter by Naughty Dog.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End by Naughty Dog is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a third person, action-adventure shooter developed by Naughty Dog. It received excellent reviews.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a strategy game from 1998 by a developer called Pyro Studios. It's a tactical game where you control your characters from a bird view. It was a PC game that never got a Mac or Linux release.If you're interested in a tactical, strategy, bird view game, try Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released by Pyro Studios in 1998 for PC. It is not on Linux or Mac.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game that came out in 1998. You can play it on your PC, but it was never released on the Linux or Mac. It was made by Pyro Studios, and is a game with a bird view perspective.What's a really fun action strategy platformer?Have you played any fun action strategy platformers lately?Do you know of a fun action platformer with strategy elements?Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a strong release in 2005. It was basically the only reason I bought an Xbox originally, and I didn't regret that at all.I enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted a decent amount because it's on my favorite system, the Xbox. Plus it came out in 2005 which was a good year for games.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a fairly exiting game, though nothing special, just like most games on Xbox from 2005 that I had a chance to play.Do you know of a video game that feels empowering to play?Have you played any games that were empowering for you?Did you find any of this year's releases particularly empowering to play through?I enjoy playing StarCraft a fair amount. Real-time strategies are pretty fun, and the multiplayer option allows me to play it with my friends too.StarCraft is a delightful multiplayer RTS game, best played with friends.StarCraft was a pretty good game. I like the RTS genre, and being able to play my friends in multiplayer is nice too.Massive Entertainment developed the tactical shooter and role-playing game Tom Clancy's The Division. The game is for a mature audience and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing tactical shooter game. It was developed by Massive Entertainment and released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is also available on Steam and is rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing, tactical shooter that was developed by Massive Entertainment and is rated M (for Mature). It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam.Have you ever played a game with a first person perspective that you found to be nauseating?What's the most nauseating first person game you've played?Has a first person perspective video game ever been nauseating for you?So do you have any experience playing games on Steam, like for example Resident Evil 4?Have you tried out games on Steam, like Resident Evil 4?Do you like games you can get on Steam, like Resident Evil 4?Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good 2005 game. It is a driving/racing game with multiplayer features.A good driving/racing game from the past was Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It was a fun multiplayer game released back in 2005.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is good multiplayer driving/racing game that came out in 2005.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a multiplayer action-adventure shooter that was released in 2015.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a 2015 multiplayer action-adventure shooter.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter that was released in 2015, and it offers multiplayer.If you're into PC role-playing games with turn-based strategy, look no further than Might & Magic: Heroes VI. Although this particular title isn't available on Linux or Mac, you can find it at the Steam store. People consider this game average, and it has received ratings that reflect that.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was a decent role-playing turn-based strategy game for the PC. You can get it on Steam, but you can't play on Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average turn-based strategy role-playing game for PC and Steam. There is no Linux or Mac release.Far Cry 3 is a first person action-adventure shooter developed by Ubisoft Massive.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter from an entirely first person perspective. It's under the care of Ubisoft Massive.Far Cry 3, developed by Ubisoft Massive, is an action-adventure shooter game played in first person.An excellent point-and-click indie adventure, Layers of Fear, was released in 2015. The game, which was developed by Bloober Team, is played from a first person perspective.Layers of Fear from 2015 was a first person adventure point-and-click game. It was an indie release from Bloober Team.Layers of Fear is an indie game came out in 2015 by Bloober Team. The game is a first person adventure title that is point-and-click.Undertale was released in 2015. It is an indie adventure role-playing game that is played from a bird view perspective.If you like indie role-playing adventures, check out Undertale, released in 2015. In the game, the player has a bird view perspective.Undertale is an indie adventure, role-playing game that is set in bird view perspective. It was released in 2015.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is supported on Mac, but not on Linux. It is available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game has no Linux release, but it is available on Steam and on Mac.A MMORPG definitely worth checking out is The Elder Scrolls Online. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with availability on Steam and Mac but not on Linux.You said earlier that you like Little Nightmares. Is it safe to assume you are a fan of many PlayStation games from Tarsier Studios?You said that you like to play Little Nightmares. Does it mean that you regularly play other Tarsier Studios' titles on PlayStation?I know you like Little Nightmares a fair amount. I'm curious, do you consider Tarsier Studios to be a good developer of PlayStation games in general?The Last of Us was released in 2013 and is available on the PlayStation console. This action-adventure shooting game was given excellent reviews. You get to play in third person perspective throughout the game, and it even has a multiplayer mode. The game is rated M (for Mature).PlayStation has an excellent M-rated shooter game from 2013, called The Last of Us. It has a lot of third person action and adventure, and even a multiplayer mode.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure shooter game that is rated M (for Mature) and came out in 2013 for PlayStation. The game is in the third person, and you can play it multiplayer with other people.The Elder Scrolls Online, released in 2014, is an MMORPG developed by ZeniMax Online Studios.If you play MMORPGs, you might enjoy The Elder Scrolls Online. The game was released in 2014 by ZeniMax Online Studios.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG developed by ZeniMax Online Studios and released in 2014.Hey, you have a PlayStation, right? Have you tried Madden NFL 15?Since you've gotten yourself a PlayStation, have you tried Madden NFL 15 on it?If you like PlayStation games, you should try out Madden NFL 15. Have you heard anything about this game?In the year 2008, the game Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 came out. Adding to the music section of games on the Xbox platform, it was rated E (for Everyone), and allowed for multiplayer. It did poorly in terms of ratings.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 came out in 2008. It's a music game with multiplayer support that you can play on Xbox, though it has received some poor ratings. It's rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 music game for Xbox. It is a multiplayer game for everyone with a poor rating.Super Mario World is just a fantastic game. A truly amazing side view game, especially considering the multiplayer!I really, really loved Super Mario World. The side view perspective made it easy to play, and the multiplayer means I can play it with friends too.I would rather play Super Mario World than eat or sleep! I can't remember a side view multiplayer game that was more exciting and fun.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game released in 1994.Little Big Adventure from 1994 is a third person action-adventure game.Little Big Adventure is an action-adventure game that is in the third person. The game came out in 1994.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was a vehicular combat game released in 2011, and rated T (for Teen).MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a 2011 vehicular combat game rated T (for Teen).MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game from 2011 that is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is, sadly, a very bad game. No one releasing games in 2003 seemed to have any idea what they were doing, and Core Design is a really bad developer in my opinion.Core Design's Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness launched in 2003, and frankly, I was underwhelmed by the experience of playing it.Core Design really rushed their release of Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness in 2003. It could have been delayed a year and used better technology. Then I would have probably enjoyed it.Super Mario World is a 1990 side view multiplayer platformer.Super Mario World is a side view platformer that features multiplayer and came out in 1990.Super Mario World is a platformer game that came out in 1990. You can play this game multiplayer and it has a side view perspective.Might & Magic: Heroes VI by Black Hole Entertainment is a role-playing, turn-based strategy game for PC. It has average ratings and is not supported on Mac or Linux.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a decent role-playing turn-based strategy game developed by Black Hole Entertainment. The game is only available on PC, with no Linux or Mac variant.If you enjoy turn-based strategy games with a role-play angle to them, try the game Might & Magic: Heroes VI by Black Hole Entertainment. It's received average ratings and is available on PC, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Why do you think 1999 was a good year for the Xbox?Why do you think that the games released on the Xbox in 1999 were pretty good?What would you say is the main reason for the Xbox games from 1999 to be as good as they were?The Wolf Among us is an adventure game only available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The point-and-click game is not available on Linux but is available on the Mac.The Wolf Among Us is an point-and-click, adventure game. It released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and has a Mac version but no Linux version.The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not out on Linux, but Mac users are lucky.I think Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good game. The T rating makes it accessible, and the multiplayer is a nice option.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a pretty solid game. It's got a multiplayer component too that, along with the T rating, meant I could easily play with my younger brothers.I have fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. I like that it has a multiplayer and, since it's only rated T (for Teen), I'm able to play it with friends and younger siblings.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was released in 2014 by The Astronauts. It's an average indie adventure game that is played in first person.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an adventure video game released in 2014 by the indie developer The Astronauts. It has a first person perspective and an average rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average first person indie adventure game. It was released by The Astronauts in 2014.Do you ever play single-player indie adventure RPGs, like Undertale?Are you a fan of single-player indie adventure role-playing games? If you are I think you'd like Undertale.Do you sometimes also enjoy indie role-playing adventure games with no multiplayer option, such as Undertale?Do you have any good experience with Adeline Software International's 1994 games, for instance, Little Big Adventure?Have you ever played 1994's Little Big Adventure from Adeline Software International?So have you played any of Adeline Software International's 1994 games, such as Little Big Adventure?Are there any quirky PC games you like?What's a really quirky PC game that you played recently?Do you know of any quirky PC games?Payday 2 is a decent 2013 role-playing shooter game.Payday 2 is an average shooter RPG from 2013.Payday 2 is a role-playing first shooter released in 2013. It has average ratings.Assetto Corsa is a first and third person sport racing simulation game from 2014. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam. It does not have a release for Mac but does for Linux.Assetto Corsa is a first and third person sport racing sim. The 2014 title is playable on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Steam and even Linux. Mac users are out of luck.Assetto Corsa is a 2014 sport racing simulation game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game allows the player to switch between first person and third person perspectives. It is available on Steam as well as Linux but does not have Mac support.You told me that you dislike Small World 2. Is this the case for all games by Days of Wonder on Steam?I recall that you disliked Small World 2. Have you never been fond of games from Days of Wonder on Steam?You said that you really hated Small World 2. Have you encountered no other games by Days of Wonder on Steam that you would enjoy at least a bit?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was a third person sport game released in 2001. It was rated T (for Teen).Another third person perspective sport game is Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It came out in 2001 and is rated T (for Teen).Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was released in 2001. It is a third person sports game that is rated T (for Teen).Speaking of great PC games, have you heard of The Forest of Doom?Since you're a PC gamer, have you tried The Forest of Doom?So, as long as we're bringing up PC games, I was curious, have you played The Forest of Doom?If you're into adventure and role-playing games, you'll fall in love with Final Fantasy VII. It's an excellent game that can be played on PlayStation and PC, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure RPG for the PlayStation and PC. There's no Linux or Mac release.Gamers who enjoy role-playing adventures will love the excellent Final Fantasy VII whether they game on the PC or PlayStation. Unfortunately, this game was never released on Linux or Mac.Are you talking about the multiplayer game Battlefield V?Are you referring to the Battlefield V that has a multiplayer option?Are you referring to the Battlefield V with multiplayer?I had a fair amount of fun playing Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. I liked the third person perspective, and it's for the PlayStation which is my preferred platform.When I picked up Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation for my PlayStation, I was doubtful, mosly because of its third person perspective. But by the end I really enjoyed this game.I like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. I typically enjoy third person games like it, and it being on PlayStation is also nice.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer with average ratings. It is played side view.Never Alone is an indie adventure side view platformer. Among other games in the genre, this game is considered average.Never Alone is an indie adventure side view platformer with an average rating.In 2016, Quantum Break, an adventure third person shooter was released.Quantum Break is a third person adventure, shooter game from 2016.Quantum Break came out in 2016 and is a third person adventure shooter.I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you think Naughty Dog simply makes the best action-adventure shooter games?You mentioned that you really enjoyed Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Would you say you are a fan of action-adventure shooters from Naughty Dog?I remember you saying that you really dug Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you like to play action-adventure shooters from Naughty Dog?Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an okay game. I normally really like games that combine the role-playing and turn-based strategy genres, but Black Hole Entertainment isn't really able to bring out the full potential.Might & Magic: Heroes VI wasn't a bad game, but it didn't live up to my hopes. I normally enjoy games that blend role-playing and turn-based strategy together, but it's clear Black Hole Entertainment didn't really know how to make a game like that.Black Hole Entertainment did a decent job on the turn-based RPG strategy, Might & Magic: Heroes VI, I just wish it was at least a bit better.Ancient Cities is a bird view simulation strategy game that will be released December 1, 2018.Ancient Cities, a bird view perspective simulation strategy game, is set to be released on December 1, 2018.Ancient Cities is a simulation strategy game that is expected to be released on December 1, 2018. The game is played from a bird view.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter that can be played multiplayer.Far Cry 3 is a first person action-adventure shooter that has received good ratings. There is a multiplayer mode, as well.A good first person, action-adventure shooter with multiplayer is Far Cry 3.Maybe try Driver, it's a driving simulator released in 1999 by Reflections Interactive. It's available on PlayStation and PC with support for Mac but not Linux.Driver is a driving/racing simulation game released in 1999. Developed by Reflections Interactive, it is available on PlayStation, PC, and Mac. There is no Linux release, however.The game is Driver and it's for the PlayStation and PC. The game was released in 1999 and was developed by Reflections Interactive. This game features driving/racing simulation. This game is not available on Linux, but it has been released for Mac.Small World 2 is an indie game released in 2010 for trivia/board game lovers.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game that was released in 2010.Small World 2 is an indie, trivia/board game that released in 2010.While we're on the subject of first person games made by Kunos Simulazioni, have you ever played Assetto Corsa?Since you like first person games, I wondering if you've ever tried Assetto Corsa by Kunos Simulazioni?A first person perspective game developed by Kunos Simulazioni that I enjoyed was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?How is the third person perspective enjoyable in single-player games?What makes you like third person single-player games?What do you mostly like about playing single-player games with a third person view?Why do you prefer multiplayer games available through Steam?Why do you like to play multiplayer games on Steam?What do multiplayer games on Steam have to offer that you appreciate?Crysis was a good first person shooter. It was an action-adventure game from 2007.Crysis is a first person shooter released in 2007. The action-adventure game was reviewed as good.Crysis is a good action-adventure, first person shooter game which was released in 2007.If you want an excellent adventure game, Undertale is a 2015 indie role-playing game that is set in bird view.Undertale is an excellent bird view adventure RPG. It is an indie title that was released in 2015.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure RPG from 2015 with a bird view.Hey, so you enjoyed BioShock. Is such an action-adventure shooter style of games with RPG elements something you dig?I remember that you liked BioShock. Do you generally enjoy action-adventure shooters with role-playing elements?You said you liked BioShock. So I'm curious, do you tend to enjoy action-adventure role-playing shooters overall?So you mentioned that you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was a fun game. Do you have similar thoughts about other M rated games?I know you thought that the M rated The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was good. Do you generally prefer games that have the M (for Mature) rating?Are you often pleased with M rated games or is it just The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim?I know you really didn't enjoy Skyforge. Do you feel similarly about other games with a third person perspective?If my memory is right, you said you didn't like Skyforge. Is the third person perspective something you don't like in games?Do you hate most third person games, or just Skyforge?If you want action-adventure gaming, Grand Theft Auto V is a multiplayer driving and shooting game. It came out in 2013, and is rated M (for Mature).Grand Theft Auto V is a 2013 action-adventure shooter that involves driving too. It sports a multiplayer mode, and it was rated M (for Mature).Grand Theft Auto V was released in 2013 as an action-adventure shooter in which you can also drive around. It has multiplayer capabilities and is rated M (for Mature).Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure, third person shooter that was released for PlayStation, and it is rated T (for Teen).Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure game rated T (for Teen). The game is a third person shooter, and it is for PlayStation only.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure and shooter game played from a third person perspective. This game was released for the PlayStation only and received a T (for Teen) rating.Is there a game you played lately that you thought was pretty sad?What's a really sad game you've played?Have you played any sad video games recently?What is it about PC text adventures games that ruffles your feathers so much?What is it that you find most disappointing about PC text adventure games?Why do you find text adventure games available on the PC so lackluster?What is it about Capcom Production Studio 4's lineup of Xbox games that has you going on about how awesome they are?Why do you think the Xbox games made by Capcom Production Studio 4 are amazing?What do you find so amazing about Capcom Production Studio 4's Xbox games?One of my favorite PlayStation games was by Valve Corporation actually. Do you know about Portal 2?Speaking of PlayStation games made by Valve Corporation, have you ever played Portal 2?I know you're a fan of the Valve Corporation. Have you played Portal 2 on PlayStation?Do you prefer that a game be available on Steam?Do you mostly play games on Steam?Would you say it's important to you that a game is available on Steam?Is a game being on Steam or not a dealbreaker to you?Would you say Steam makes it more convenient for you to get new games to play?Has Steam been the major source of your video games in the past few years?Does it matter to you if a game is on Steam?Is it more convenient for you to play games on Steam?Are games that are available on Steam more likely to make it into your game library?Is the Ancient Cities you are talking about the one with the bird view perspective, and developed by Uncasual Games?Do you mean Ancient Cities from Uncasual Games? The one with a bird view?Are you talking about Ancient Cities, the bird view perspective game developed by Uncasual Games?Hey, I've been wondering whether you're fond of gaming on the PlayStation, or you just enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted regardless.I remember you once said Need for Speed: Most Wanted was quite fun. Do you like playing games on the PlayStation in general?You said that you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a good game. Have you had a similarly good experience with a bunch of other games on the PlayStation?Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter developed by Crystal Dynamics for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is rated M (for Mature), and, while it's not available on Linux or Mac, it is available on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider was developed by Crystal Dynamics and was rated M (for Mature). It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam, but had no Linux or Mac release. It is an action-adventure shooter game.Rise of the Tomb Raider by Crystal Dynamics is an action-adventure shooter. It is rated M (for Mature) and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is available for Steam.World of Warcraft was a pretty fun game I think, I always tend to enjoy adventure MMORPGs like it.The adventure MMORPG style of World of Warcraft really made it something different, which I enjoyed.World of Warcraft is the first name in MMORPGs, and for good reason, it's a pretty good adventure game.Tetris was released in 1986 by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc. It was one of the first arcade games to combine puzzle and strategy with sleek side view gameplay. The only downside is the lack of multiplayer.The side view arcade puzzler Tetris, by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc, is a game for strategy enthusiasts. It was released in 1986 and has no multiplayer mode.Tetris from 1986 was played in the side view but didn't have multiplayer. It was an arcade, puzzle, strategy game by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc.StarCraft is a good bird view real-time strategy game.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy played with a bird view.StarCraft has good user ratings. It is a real-time strategy game that is played in bird view perspective.I was wondering, have you ever played a game that was released way back in 1986, like for example Tetris?Do you remember playing any games from 1986, for example Tetris?Have you played any games from 1986, like Tetris?A third person sport game that I enjoyed was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Have you played it?Since you seem to be a fan of third person sports games, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?If we're talking about third person sport games, you really can't go wrong with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Have you ever played it?Bus Driver by SCS Software is an indie driving simulator. It is available on Steam on the PC platform.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulator game that was developed by SCS Software for PC and is available on Steam.Bus Driver is an indie driving game that is played in a simulation style. It is developed by SCS Software for the PC and is available on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game that is played in first and third person. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. It was not released on Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game played in first or third person. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC but has no releases on Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good first and third person racing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it is not available for Mac or Linux.You mean Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the PC game that isn't available on Steam?Are you talking about Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the one on PC but not on Steam for some odd reason?You mean Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the PC game you can't get on Steam?TrackMania Turbo is a fun game that came out in 2016. It was made by Nadeo and is a driving/racing arcade style of game. You can view the race in first person or third person.TrackMania Turbo by Nadeo is a good arcade driving/racing game from 2016. It is played in the first person and third person point of view.TrackMania Turbo is a good first person or third person driving/racing game with arcade elements. It was developed by Nadeo in 2016.If you like strategic arcade puzzle games, then you should try the 1986 game called Tetris. It uses a side view perspective but unfortunately has no multiplayer.Tetris, a single-player strategic arcade puzzle game, utilizes a side view player perspective. It was released in 1986.Tetris is an arcade puzzle strategy game that was released in 1986. It is a single-player game with a side view perspective.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure shooter game by Naughty Dog. The game is third person and has multiplayer. The Last of Us is rated M and available for PlayStation.The Last of Us, by Naughty Dog, is an excellent PlayStation only action-adventure shooter with a third person perspective. It does have multiplayer. It received a ESRB rating of M (for Mature).The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter on PlayStation. Developed by Naughty Dog, it's rated M (for Mature). With a third person perspective and multiplayer options, it has earned excellent ratings.RollerCoaster Tycoon is pretty good. MicroProse knows how to make a solid game, and it being on the PC is a plus as well.I tend to enjoy playing PC games, especially when they're made by one of my favorite developers, such as MicroProse, so I thought RollerCoaster Tycoon was pretty good.RollerCoaster Tycoon is such a seminal PC game, in my opinion. MicroProse really popularized the tycoon style of gameplay with this one, and it definitely defined it for me.I'm excited about the release of Hitman 2 on November 13, 2018. What's not to love about sneaking around in third person, shooting enemies, while tactically completing your objective? I prefer Xbox, but PC and PlayStation will do just fine too.Hitman 2 is coming out on November 13, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's going to be a third person shooter with a ton of tactical elements that will make you slow down and think about how to get through a level.If you like tactical shooter games, Hitman 2 is being released on November 13, 2018. It's a third person shooter and will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Do you think your disappointment with Small World 2, that you mentioned earlier, was caused by the general incompetence of the developer Days of Wonder?I remember you telling me that you didn't like Small World 2. Would you say you're overall not a fan of games by Days of Wonder?You mentioned how much you dislike Small World 2. Does Days of Wonder often mess up games in your experience?Payday 2 was OK, nothing standing out from among all the M rated first person games though.Payday 2 is kind of fun, but fails to be anything special. I like first person games usually, but the M rating means the content is just a bit too much for my tastes.Payday 2 isn't a bad game, but doesn't do anything to draw attention to it. It's like so many M rated first person games, and seems to feel like those facts alone are enough to make you want to play it.NHL 15 is an average sport simulation game from 2014. The game is played from a bird view perspective.NHL 15 is a bird view sport simulation game. It came out in 2014 and has average ratings.NHL 15 is an average sport simulator with a bird view perspective. It was released in 2014.You mentioned action strategy games that are played from a bird view perspective. Well Super Bomberman is a game like that, did you ever play it?I know you like bird view action strategy games, just like me. I thought Super Bomberman was pretty good, have you heard of it?Speaking of action strategy games played from a bird view perspective, have you ever played Super Bomberman?World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG game that is third person. Blizzard Entertainment released this game in 2004.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG, which you play from the third person perspective. It was made by Blizzard Entertainment in 2004.World of Warcraft is a good third person adventure MMORPG. It was released in 2004 and developed by Blizzard Entertainment.Try out TrackMania Turbo, an arcade driving/racing game with good ratings. It was released in 2016 and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is a 2016 arcade racing game. It is rated good and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is also available on Steam.TrackMania Turbo was released in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC to good reviews. This arcade style racing game is also available on Steam.Metro 2033 is a single-player first person shooter released to positive critical reception. The game combines action and role-playing.I would love to introduce you to Metro 2033 when we get home, since I know you are a stickler for exact information, I'll tell you that it's not multiplayer, so we can take turns, it's in first person perspective, and it's an action role-playing shooter. I'll even tell you that it has a good rating.I've heard about Metro 2033 recently, an action first person shooter with good ratings, where you get to role-play too. It's single-player, which is no problem for me.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game with good ratings. It is available on Steam. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported by Mac or Linux.NBA 2K16 is a good game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and on Steam for PC. It's your typical third person sports game. Unfortunately, it's not available on Mac or Linux.NBA 2K16 is a good third person sports game. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam. It isn't available on Linux or Mac.Hey, do you like action-adventure shooter games like Resident Evil 4?Are you into action-adventure shooters like Resident Evil 4?So, do you ever play action-adventure shooters, like for example Resident Evil 4?Rise of the Tomb Raider is a first and third person action-adventure shooter game. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC and is also available for download on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter with both first and third person view, which you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. It is available on Steam right now.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a first and third person action-adventure shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms. It is available on Steam.Undertale is a downright excellent game, and it's rated E so everyone can enjoy it.I really like when E rated games come out, for example, I can watch even my youngest nephews play Undertale.I enjoy Undertale a lot, especially since it's rated E (for Everyone) and I can play with my kids.In 2012, I played Alan Wake's American Nightmare, an action-adventure third person shooter that was released in that year. It came out on Xbox and is available on PC too through Steam.I heard about this game, Alan Wake's American Nightmare, which is an action-adventure third person shooter. It came out on Xbox and PC in 2012, plus it's available on Steam now.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a 2012 action-adventure game developed for the Xbox and PC. The third person shooter is currently available on Steam.Can you recommend a quick-to-learn PC game that you tried recently?What's a game you know of for the PC that's quick-to-learn?Do you know any PC games that are quick-to-learn? I'm not looking for something too complex.If you like third person point-and-click adventure games, then you should try The Wolf Among Us, which is rated M (for Mature). It was released on the PlayStation, Xbox and PC via Steam but unfortunately does not have multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us is a third person, point-and-click adventure game that is available on Steam and for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It doesn't support multiplayer and is rated M (for Mature).The Wolf Among Us is a third person, adventure point-and-click game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam. It is rated M (for Mature) and doesn't have a multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls Online is a first person (or third person) massively multiplayer online role-playing game.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG that you can play from a first or third person view.The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG with both first and third person perspectives.Have you enjoyed any games by 4A Games that came out in 2010, such as the one called Metro 2033?So I was wondering, have you played any of the 2010 games developed by 4A Games, for instance Metro 2033?Do you like 4A Games' games? Such as their 2010 effort, Metro 2033?Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game by Slightly Mad Studios. It was released in 2009 and supports multiplayer.Need for Speed: Shift, developed by Slightly Mad Studios in 2009, is a multiplayer driving/racing simulator.Need for Speed: Shift was developed in 2009 by Slightly Mad Studios. This driving/racing simulator has a multiplayer.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure third person shooter. It was released in 2012 for Xbox and PC, with no Linux or Mac versions.If you are interested in third person action-adventure shooters for Xbox or PC, check out Alan Wake's American Nightmare. It was released in 2012 and has garnered poor reviews. It is not available for Mac or Linux.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure third person shooter that came out in 2012 for Xbox and PC only. It is not available on Linux or Mac.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter that offers both first person and third person views. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics and released in 2015.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter by Crystal Dynamics that came out in 2015. This game can be played from the first person or third person perspective.Another action-adventure shooter game is Rise of the Tomb Raider. It was released back in 2015 by Crystal Dynamics and has both first and third person perspectives.What is it about the developer Days of Wonder's games you dislike so much?What is it about games made by Days of Wonder that makes you unable to stand them?So just what is it about the games made by Days of Wonder that you find so terrible?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is an action-tactical game. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. Unfortunately, there is no Mac or Linux release.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. This game has not been released for Linux or Mac.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure role-playing game by Bethesda Game Studios that is available on Steam. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC with an M (for Mature) rating. It can be played in either first or third person.Bethesda Game Studios M (for Mature) rated adventure, role-playing game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim lets you switch between first and third person perspectives. The game is available through Steam. It's also on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a first person and third person role-playing adventure game developed by Bethesda Game Studios. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Steam with an M (for Mature) rating.Driver is a third person driving simulation game without multiplayer support.Driver is a third person driving simulator with a single-player mode only.Driver is a driving simulation game played from the third person perspective. The game cannot be played multiplayer.Earlier you said that Tetris was a really excellent game, and so I'm wondering something now. Do you think Nintendo is simply the best platform for such arcade puzzle strategy games?You mentioned earlier that you love Tetris. Are you typically about arcade games on Nintendo involving puzzles and strategy?You said that you're all about Tetris. Is this the case for all puzzle and strategy arcade games from Nintendo?Is the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness you mentioned the one that's single-player only and doesn't have a Linux release?Are you talking about the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness with a Linux release that doesn't have multiplayer?Are you talking about Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness? The single-player game that's not available on Linux?One of my favorite single-player games that got an M rating was Resident Evil 4. Have you ever played it?Speaking of M rated single-player games, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Since you like M rated single-player games, then you'd love Resident Evil 4. Have you given that a whirl?Do you like action role-playing shooters that are rated M (for Mature), such as Metro 2033?What is your opinion on action shooter games with RPG elements rated M (for Mature), like Metro 2033?Do you like M rated action shooter RPGs like Metro 2033?Do you happen to enjoy multiplayer PlayStation games like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?You've got me wondering now, have you played any PlayStation games that have multiplayer, like for example Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?have you given any multiplayer PlayStation games a try, like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?I think one of the best Xbox games of 2007 was Crysis. Have you played it yet?Since you seem to be a fan of the Xbox games of 2007, I thought you might like Crysis too. Have you heard about the game?For 2007 games, I enjoyed Crysis for the Xbox. Have you heard of it?What was the other side view perspective game you played recently?Are there some other side view perspective games you would recommend?Do you know any other side view games?Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game developed by Illusion Softworks. It was released in 2002 and is rated M (for Mature). It does not feature multiplayer.For a single-player fighting shooter game that incorporates driving, try playing Mafia. It was released in 2002 and developed by Illusion Softworks. It is rated M (for Mature).Mafia is a shooter game with driving and fighting that came out in 2002 by Illusion Softworks. The game is rated M (for Mature), and cannot be played multiplayer.Speaking of third person perspective games, have you tried The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?And speaking of games with a third person perspective, have you played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Since you like third person perspective games, I wonder if you've heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.So you found Skyforge to be pretty bad, it seems. But now I'm wondering, do you feel the same way about the other third person games available on Steam?You mentioned earlier that you disliked Skyforge. Are you typically not fond of third person games available through Steam?You said that you disliked Skyforge. Does that mean it's safe to assume that you dislike third person games on Steam in general?Little Big Adventure is an average action-adventure game for PlayStation, PC, and Mac that was released in 1994 and is available on Steam. Currently, it is not available for Linux.The 1994 action-adventure game, Little Big Adventure, was released for PlayStation and PC. The game, which has no great reviews, is on Steam and has a Mac release, but no Linux release.Little Big Adventure is an average-rated 1994 action-adventure game. It's available on PlayStation, PC, and Mac, but not Linux. You can buy it on Steam.Have you played any beautiful games recently, which you enjoy just looking at?Is there a game you enjoyed playing just because it was so beautiful?Have you played any video games lately that you thought were beautiful?I'm wondering, have you played any 2010 Xbox games, like for example Metro 2033?How do you feel about Xbox games from 2010 like Metro 2033?Just curious, have you enjoyed any Xbox games that came out in 2010, such as Metro 2033?Is there any game that, despite being M rated by the ESRB, you actually felt was tearjerking?Have you ever played an M rated game that was tearjerking?Can you suggest a really tearjerking M rated game? I'm looking for something real sad.I'm curious, what is it about action-adventure platformers with role-playing elements that makes them some of your favorite games ever?What is it about action-adventure RPG platformers that you find so amazingly appealing?What is it about action-adventure platformer RPGs that you find so great?I enjoyed NBA 2K16 quite a bit. Visual Concepts usually does well with sports games.Sports games developed by Visual Concepts are always fairly fun, which is, I guess, why I enjoyed playing NBA 2K16 too.I thought NBA 2K16 was pretty fun. Normally I find sports games to be average, but developer Visual Concepts really knows what they're doing and how to make a good game.I remember you said you found Quantum Break to be average. Are you normally unimpressed with Xbox games from Remedy Entertainment?So you think that Quantum Break is pretty much an average game. Do you have the same view on Remedy Entertainment's other Xbox games?I know you felt lukewarm about Quantum Break. Do you feel the same about other Remedy Entertainment games on Xbox?An example of a poorly received action-adventure platformer is Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. It was made in 2016, and it doesn't have a multiplayer option.The 2016 release of the action-adventure platformer, Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India, has received poor ratings and has no multiplayer option.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer that came out in 2016. The game cannot be played multiplayer.I think Trivial Pursuit is boring and unenjoyable. 2009 was a very bad year for multiplayer games.I disliked Trivial Pursuit, as well as most multiplayer games from 2009.I was pretty disappointed with Trivial Pursuit. The multiplayer aspect was there, as expected, but even in '09 it felt dated, and it's overall bad, to be frank.What is it about point-and-click adventure games that makes you enjoy them?I've been curious about this, but why do you enjoy point-and-click adventure games?Why do you enjoy point and click adventure games so much?Portal 2 is a first person, platformer, puzzle, shooter game that is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and older) and has a multiplayer.Portal 2 was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is a puzzle platformer FPS with multiplayer.If you like puzzle-shooter games, Portal 2 is a multiplayer first person platformer. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Is the Silent Hill 2 the one that was made by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo in 2001?By Silent Hill 2, do you mean the 2001 game made by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo?Are you talking about Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo's 2001 hit, Silent Hill 2?I'm curious, why is it that games with a third person perspective are always your favorites?Why do you love third person games so much?What is it about games with a third person perspective that makes you find them so excellent?The Forest of Doom, by Tin Man Games, is a single-player role-playing text adventure game with average ratings.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing text adventure game by Tin Man Games. It doesn't have multiplayer though.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game that was developed by Tin Man Games. It has no multiplayer support and has received average ratings.If you want a single-player driving simulation game, try Euro Truck Simulator. It came out in 2008.Euro Truck Simulator is a driving simulator released in 2008. It is a single-player-only game.Euro Truck Simulator is a driving simulation game that was released in 2008. It cannot be played multiplayer.Try Rocket League, it's a multiplayer vehicular combat sports game with an E (for Everyone) rating. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC trough Steam. There are also Linux and Mac releases.Give the game Rocket League a try for a multiplayer game that is rated to be good for everyone. You can play it on all the major platforms like PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and even your PC. If you like the PC version you can find it on Steam and it will work with Mac or Linux systems as well. It's a fun vehicular combat sports game.Rocket League is a vehicular combat sports game with multiplayer, rated E (for Everyone). It is released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. There is a Linux and Mac release, as well. It is available on Steam.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure puzzle shooter. It has multiplayer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game. It has multiplayer and was rated as average.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure shooter with puzzle aspects. It includes multiplayer.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a first person and third person driving/racing game with multiplayer. It came out with a T rating for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is not on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC is a multiplayer driving/racing game set in first and third person perspective. It is rated T (for Teen). It is not available on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a driving/racing game with multiplayer modes. It features a first and third person perspective and is rated T for Tean. You can't get it on Steam, but it's available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer with a side view player perspective. It was produced by Nintendo in 1990.Super Mario World came out in 1990. It's an excellent platformer game from Nintendo, and you play with a side view.Everybody loves the excellent Super Mario World. Released back in 1990 for the Nintendo, it solidified what a side view platformer could and should be.What's a really bizarre game from 2017?Do you know of any bizarre games that came out in 2017?What do you think is the most bizarre game that came out in 2017?Half-Life 2 is considered an excellent first person shooter despite having no multiplayer mode.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter game that doesn't offer a multiplayer mode.Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter developed by Valve Corporation. The game received excellent reviews despite its lack of multiplayer.I remember you mentioned that you found Rollcage to be average. Do you typically fail to be impressed by PC games from 1999?You said just now that Rollcage was an okay game but could have been better. I'm curious, do you have the same feeling about the games released for the PC in 1999 in general?You said that Rollcage was just okay. Is this the case for all PC games from 1999?You said that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Do you therefore dislike other Ghost Games releases from 2017?You seem to have really not liked Need for Speed: Payback from 2017. Do you normally feel so strongly about other similar games released by Ghost Games?Previously we've talked about how you didn't like Need for Speed: Payback. Do you have the same feeling about other games Ghost Games made in 2017?You said that you really liked Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you generally like to play third person multiplayer games?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Is that the case with most of the third person perspective games that offer a multiplayer mode?You said earlier that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Are you generally a big fan pf third person games with multiplayer?Football Manager 2015 is a sport simulation strategy game developed by Sports Interactive. It was released in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a sport-strategy simulator, released in 2014 by Sports Interactive.Football Manager 2015 is a strategy and sport simulation game developed by Sports Interactive and released in 2014.Do you know of any goofy E rated games I could play with my kid?Did you play any particularly goofy E rated games this year?I'm trying to find a really goofy E rated game to play, do you have one you would suggest?Tetris was released in 1986. It is an excellent arcade and puzzle strategy game for Nintendo and PC, and it also works on Mac and Linux. It is not available on Steam.Tetris is an excellent arcade puzzle strategy game from 1986. Though it's not available on Steam, it can be played on Nintendo, PC and has Linux and Mac releases as well.Tetris is an excellent arcade puzzle game that came out in 1986. This strategy game is not available on Steam, but it can be played on Linux and Mac as well as Nintendo and PC.Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing sim that came out on Steam for PC, but it doesn't have a Mac or Linux release.Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing simulator that is out on PC, but it is not supported on Linux or Mac. It is available on Steam.If you enjoy driving simulators, try Bus Driver. It's an indie game for PC and, though it does not have a Linux or Mac release, it is available on Steam.Is their a video game you know of that felt very rewarding to play?What would you say was a nice rewarding game you've played?Did you feel that any recent release was extremely rewarding to complete?So I'm wondering, why is it that if a game isn't available on either the Mac or Linux, you're not really excited about it?I see you are not too fond of games that aren't released for the Mac and Linux. Why is that?Why do you feel unenthusiastic about games without a Mac or Linux release?Rocket League is a sports and vehicular combat game with a good rating and multiplayer mode.A good vehicular combat game that redefines the sports genre is Rocket League. It even has multiplayer.Rocket League is a good sport, vehicular combat game with multiplayer.I think Worms: Reloaded is pretty average. I appreciate it having a Mac release, but I'm not a fan of the side view perspective.Worms: Reloaded is an OK game. I like side view games and am happy I can play it on my Mac.Worms: Reloaded was an okay game, which I enjoyed getting to play on my Mac. Though the side view does feel a little dated.I wonder, since you have a PlayStation, have you played Never Alone?Since you like PlayStation games, have you given Never Alone a try?I was thinking of trying Never Alone on PlayStation - have you tried it?You mentioned disliking Skyforge. Are you typically unhappy with third person MMORPGs with adventure and hack-and-slash gameplay?Sorry to hear that you found Skyforge to be such a poor game and a waste of money. But I wonder, is the hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG genre from a third person perspective just not quite your cup of tea?You said you hated Skyforge. Do you hate most other third person, hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs?I know you've mentioned that you felt Metro 2033 was a pretty good game. Would you say that playing action shooters with role-playing elements is overall a better experience on the PC than other platforms?You mentioned enjoying Metro 2033. Are you typically fond of action games on PC with shooting and role-playing?You told me that you like Metro 2033 on PC. Would it be fair to say that you typically like action RPG shooters then?Previously you mentioned hating Small World 2. Are you generally not about indie trivia/board games on Mac?You said a while ago that you did not dig Small World 2. Does it mean that you hate indie trivia games on Mac?I know earlier you said that Small World 2 wasn't any fun to play. I'm curious, do you find most games in the indie trivia/board game genre to be like that when they're available on Mac?Do you enjoy games from 2001, like Remedy Entertainment's Max Payne?What about games released by Remedy Entertainment in 2001, such as Max Payne? Does that sound fun?So have you ever played one of the games Remedy Entertainment created and released in 2001, such as Max Payne?If you like single-player action-adventure puzzle games with third person view, try Silent Hill 2. It was released in 2001.Silent Hill 2 from 2001 is a single-player, action-adventure puzzle game. It has a third person point of view.Silent Hill 2 came out in 2001 as a third person action-adventure game full of puzzles. Unfortunately, it doesn't offer multiplayer.Why do you hate the text adventure games that were released in 2017?What's wrong with text adventure games from 2017?So why don't you like the text adventure games that have been released in 2017?Metro 2033 is an action role-playing FPS rated M (for Mature).Metro 2033 is an action role-playing shooter game that plays out from a first person perspective and is rated M (for Mature).If you like first person role-playing action shooters with an M (for Mature) rating, you should try Metro 2033.The Last of Us is a downright amazing third person exclusive for the PlayStation.The Last of Us was a truly excellent game. I loved how the third person perspective enhanced the experience, and it being for the PlayStation was an added bonus.The Last of Us is a great game, no doubt about it! I just can't get enough of third person perspective games on the PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an action-adventure shooter developed by Naughty Dog and is available on PlayStation.The action-adventure shooter game developed by Naughty Dog, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, was released for PlayStation only.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was developed by Naughty Dog and released on PlayStation. It is an action-adventure shooter game.Nightshade, by Red Entertainment Corporation, is a text adventure game released in 2017. It has received poor ratings from consumers.Nightshade is a poor text adventure game that came out in 2017 by Red Entertainment Corporation.The 2017 release of the text adventure game Nightshade by Red Entertainment Corporation has been dogged by poor reviews.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure RPG available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, and it is supported on Mac and Linux.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game with an excellent rating. It's available on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. You can also buy this game on the Steam store. If you were wondering if this game has a Linux or Mac release, the answer is yes and yes.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure role-playing game. It is availabe for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, and was also released for Steam, Linux, and Mac.What is it about the sport racing games made by Codemasters Southam that makes you find them merely average?What is it about Codemasters Southam's sport racing games that makes you feel they're neither particularly great nor particularly bad?Is it something particular about sport racing games by Codemasters Southam that you think detracts from their entertainment value?A multiplayer game that I enjoyed on the PC was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?One multiplayer PC game I'm fond of is Assetto Corsa, have you tried it out?Speaking of PC games with multiplayer, have you heard of Assetto Corsa?NBA 2K19 is a sports game that will be released on September 11, 2018.A sports game that is coming soon is NBA 2K19. It is expected to be released on September 11, 2018.NBA 2K19 is a sports game expected to be released on September 11, 2018.Who are some of your favorite video game developers?Do you like to play games from a specific developer?Which video game developer is your favorite?Who are your favorite video game developers?Who is your favorite game developer?Are there any game developers you particularly like?Is there a specific video game developer you prefer?Do you have a preference for certain game developers?Who's your favorite video game developer?Are you talking about the action-shooter, Battlefield V?Are you talking about the action-packed first person shooter, Battlefield V?Were you referring to the Battlefield V that's an action shooter game?I really, really loved Undertale. Indie adventure RPGs truly are some of the best games out there.Adventure role-playing games are my favorite, especially indie ones like Undertale.Undertale is a gem of an indie game. It's a flawless blend of adventure and RPG elements.Tom Clancy's The Division follows the strange trend of first person tactical shooter RPGs with a GAAS component. It's clear Massive Entertainment just wanted to tag along with the fad, it shows in the quality of the game.I'd say that Tom Clancy's The Division is of average quality. I like tactical shooters with role-playing elements, but Massive Entertainment isn't a great developer and kind of wasted the potential.Tactical role-playing shooters, like Tom Clancy's The Division from Massive Entertainment, rarely entertain me for an extended period of time.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a 2011 role-playing turn-based strategy PC game and is available on Steam but not Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI came out in 2011 and is a role-playing turn-based strategy for PC only. The game is available on Steam, but not for Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI from 2011 is a role-playing turn-based strategy. It is available on Steam, and is supported on the PC platform. However, it is not released on Mac or Linux.Mass Effect 2, an action-adventure role-playing shooter, is played in the third person view. There's no multiplayer support.When you want a single-player action-adventure game, try the third person role-playing shooter, Mass Effect 2.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing game. This shooter game is played with a third person perspective, and it's not available to play as multiplayer.I remember you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. Would you say you are not impressed with Xbox games rated M (for Mature)?I remember you mentioning that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was so-so in quality. Do you in general feel that way about M rated games released on the Xbox?You mentioned that you were indifferent towards The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Is that the case for all mature games on Xbox?Do you enjoy any games that can be found on Steam, like BioShock?Do you ever buy games on Steam, games like BioShock?Have you ever played anything with a Steam release, for instance BioShock?If you like multiplayer action-adventure fighting games with a first person perspective, then you should try Mirror's Edge Catalyst from 2016. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but is not available on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure game that came out in 2016. This is a multiplayer, first person fighting game that is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but not on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst, released in 2016, is a multiplayer action-adventure and fighting game played in first person. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but is not available on Steam.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a multiplayer turn-based strategy game.If you like multiplayer turn-based strategy, try Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a nice example of a turn-based strategy game that has multiplayer.Overkill Software whipped out a decent first person game in Payday 2, but nothing great.Payday 2 wasn't a terrible game, but I don't think it was particularly good either. I normally really enjoy first person games like it, but Overkill Software isn't a good developer and didn't take advantage of it.Payday 2 is a fine game, but not one I'd consider that great. Overkill Software makes good games sometimes, but their first person games tend to be mediocre.Have you been eyeing any multiplayer games from 2016, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you enjoy games from 2016 with multiplayer like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?So have you played any multiplayer games from 2016, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?A strategy simulator for the PC that I enjoyed is RollerCoaster Tycoon, have you ever played it?One of my favorite PC strategy simulators is RollerCoaster Tycoon. Do you know about it?I know you game on a PC. Have you ever heard about the simulation strategy game RollerCoaster Tycoon?The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent role-playing third person action-adventure. It was developed by CD Projekt RED and released in 2015 to a M (for Mature) rating.For an excellent third person action-adventure role-playing game, try CD Projekt RED's The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It is rated M (for Mature) and was released in 2015.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a great third person action-adventure RPG that came out in 2015 by CD Projekt RED. The game is rated M (for Mature).Anthem is a role-playing, action-adventure third person shooter that will be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on February 22, 2019.An upcoming action-adventure RPG shooter you'll be able to play in third person is Anthem. It'll be released on February 22, 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Anthem is an upcoming action-adventure third person shooter RPG. It's coming to PlayStation, Xbox and PC with a launch date of February 22, 2019.What specifically isn't fun about multiplayer games played from a bird view perspective?Why do you not like multiplayer games with a bird view perspective?How come you dislike bird's eye view games that offer multiplayer?Have you ever encountered a really immersive text adventure game?Do you know of any immersive text adventure games?Is the a text adventure game you know of that you thought was immersive?In order to avoid a poor gaming experience, steer clear of Layers of Fear. It's an indie point-and-click adventure for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC through Steam.Layers of Fear is an indie point-and-click adventure game with poor ratings. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC through Steam.If you like adventure point-and-click games, try the indie game Layers of Fear. Though it has received low ratings, you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, as well as PC. It's available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good role-playing, adventure game from 2011 that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. You can also play this on Steam, but you cannot play it on Linux or Mac.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, from 2011, is a good adventure, role-playing game that you can find on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but there is not support for Linux and Mac systems.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good role-playing, adventure game that came out in 2011. This game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. This title cannot be played on Mac or Linux, but it is on Steam.You said earlier that you found Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris to be average. Is this sentiment common for action-adventure games from Crystal Dynamics with puzzles and shooting?So, since you feel that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is merely of average quality, it's got me wondering something. Do you have the same opinion about the rest of Crystal Dynamics' puzzle action-adventure shooters?I know you weren't sold on Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel just okay about other action-adventure games from Crystal Dynamics with puzzle and shooter elements?Payday 2 from 2013 was an average first person shooter role-playing game. It was rated M.Payday 2 from 2013 is another average FPS RPG. It's rated M (for Mature).Payday 2 is a first person role-playing shooter released in 2013. It is considered average as far a quality, and is rated M (for Mature).You mean Little Big Adventure, the third person game released by Adeline Software International?Are you talking about the third person Little Big Adventure that was developed by Adeline Software International?You're talking about Little Big Adventure, the third person game from Adeline Software International, right?An excellent action-adventure RPG shooter is 2017's Horizon: Zero Dawn. It's a third person PlayStation exclusive.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter that released in 2017 as a PlayStation exclusive. The game received excellent reviews from players.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent third person role-playing shooter. The game is an action-packed 2017 release for the PlayStation and is guaranteed to please those interested in adventure games as well.Do you have experience with Mac games like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Do you play games on Mac, like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Do you ever play the Mac version of games when they have it, like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?NBA 2K16 is a 2015 third person multiplayer sport game that was developed by Visual Concepts. It has good reviews and was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).A good multiplayer sports game is NBA 2K16. It was released in 2015 by Visual Concepts with an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating. The game is played in a third person perspective.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game created by Visual Concepts that came out in 2015. It has good ratings and includes a multiplayer option. It has a ESRB rating of E 10+.If you want a puzzle game, Little Nightmares by Tarsier Studios is a single-player adventure platformer from 2017.Little Nightmares is an adventure platformer with puzzle solving that came out in 2017 by Tarsier Studios. The game does not have multiplayer.Little Nightmares is a 2017 adventure platformer puzzle game by Tarsier Studios. It doesn't have multiplayer.Earlier you mentioned that you found Outlast II to be just okay. Is it common that you are not impressed with indie adventure games for Xbox?You said that Outlast II was just okay. In general, do you feel the same about other indie adventure games on Xbox?You said that Outlast II wasn't a bad game but could have been quite a bit better. Do you feel like all the indie adventure games for the Xbox end up being that way?I believe you mentioned liking Metro 2033 earlier. Do 4A Games have a good approach to PC games in general, you think?You said that you liked Metro 2033. Do you always like to play releases from 4A Games on PC?You mentioned that you enjoyed Metro 2033, Are you a big fan of PC games from 4A Games?What's the most frustrating game you ever played?What's the most frustrating game you played recently?What's a game that you found frustrating?There's a cool game that's even rated T (for Teen), called Never Alone, have you heard of it?Since you need games rated T (for Teen) for your kids, have you thought about Never Alone?If you're looking for games with a T rating, well, have you ever played Never Alone?I didn't enjoy Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. I just can't seem to get into turn-based strategy games that also include role-playing elements.Role-playing games that are turn-based strategy are all played out. Take for example Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne; it's so boring.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is an all around poor example of a turn-based strategy RPG game.Tetris is an arcade puzzle game released in 1986. The game is available on Nintendo, PC, Linux, and Mac. The game plays from a side view perspective with puzzle and strategy being the core gameplay.Tetris is a 1986 arcade puzzle strategy game with side view perspective. You have a choice between Nintendo and PC, as well as a Linux and Mac version.The 1986 arcade Tetris offers puzzle and strategy gameplay. It is available on Nintendo, PC, Linux and the Mac. The player perspective is side view.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter game for PlayStation. It doesn't have multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an action-adventure tactical shooter. It is on PlayStation, and it is an excellent game, even though it doesn't offer a multiplayer mode.For an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter, try Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. It is available on PlayStation only, and does not have multiplayer.If you're into sports and enjoy third person games, try NBA 2K16. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Sports lovers will enjoy NBA 2K16 which can be played on either PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. The game is played from a third person perspective.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game for multiple platforms such as PlayStation, Xbox, or PC.In my opinion, Payday 2 is a pretty average multiplayer experience from Overkill Software.The multiplayer aspect of Payday 2 is fun, but I don't like Overkill Software's games, so overall I found it mediocre.Payday 2 isn't the worst game in the world, I'd say. It's got multiplayer which is always a plus, but Overkill Software just doesn't make games that stand out much.Rollcage was an average game from 1999. It is an action driving racing game.Rollcage is an average driving/racing action game released in 1999.For an action racing game, I highly recommend Rollcage. It has an average score when it comes to user ratings, but do not let this discourage you. Taking into consideration that the year was 1999 when Rollcage was released, it is standing the test of time.The Elder Scrolls Online was not terribly bad, but that's just because I have a thing for first person games on Mac.I thought The Elder Scrolls Online was quite okay. I love that it got a Mac release, but the first person perspective just made it mediocre in my view.The Elder Scrolls Online didn't impress me with its first person perspective, though launching it on Mac too was quite thoughtful. Anyway, it's not the best, but it's not bad either.Do you usually play E rated games on Steam like Bus Driver?Have you played any of the E rated games that are available on Steam, like Bus Driver?Do you tend to play any E rated games on Steam, like for example Bus Driver?Oh, you mean the third person PC game, Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness?I assume you're referring to the third person PC game Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness?Do you mean Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness with a third person perspective that you can play on PC?A while ago you mentioned Assassin's Creed II, and said you liked it. Do you feel like a lot of good games were released for the PlayStation in 2009?You said that you liked Assassin's Creed II. Do you normally like to play PlayStation games from 2009?The last time we were talking you said you were into Assassin's Creed II. Is it safe to assume that you liked alot of other PlayStation games from 2009?For strategy simulators with a bird view, RollerCoaster Tycoon has always been a favorite of mine. Do you know about it?A bird view strategy simulator that I enjoyed is RollerCoaster Tycoon, have you heard of it?Since you like bird view perspective games, I wonder if you've ever tried the simulation strategy game RollerCoaster Tycoon?I wouldn't say Might & Magic: Heroes VI is anything more than an average bird's eye view game from Black Hole Entertainment.I think Might & Magic: Heroes VI is all right, but nothing special. The bird view perspective is nice and makes it easy to play, but Black Hole Entertainment is not a developer I care for.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an OK game. I like Black Hole Entertainment, but the bird view perspective isn't really my favorite.I know you're interested in a first person game rated T (for Teen). Have you ever played Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Speaking of T rated games with a first person perspective, are you familiar with Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Since you mostly play teen rated games, and that preferably from the first person perspective, I wonder if you've tried Need for Speed: Most Wanted.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy game. It plays out from a bird view player perspective and has received some poor ratings.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poorly rated RPG turn-based strategy. The gameplay uses a bird view perspective.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a bird view role-playing turn-based strategy with poor ratings.I normally enjoy first person perspective titles that support multiplayer, so I didn't hate Need for Speed: Shift, though it had plenty of room for improvement.Need for Speed: Shift is a solid multiplayer first person game, all in all, I'd call it average.I thought Need for Speed: Shift was mediocre. It's got multiplayer, which is always a plus for me, but I prefer games that aren't from a first person perspective.You told me you loved Silent Hill 2. Do you love other third person games rated M (for Mature)?I remember you mentioned that you loved Silent Hill 2. Are you frequently fond of third person games rated M (for Mature)?You mentioned earlier that you thought Silent Hill 2 was really excellent. Do you in general just really love M rated games played from a third person perspective?MotorStorm: Apocalypse was a dud, to be honest. I feel like this sort of third person game needs an M rating, and it only had a T.With its third person perspective and teen rating, I'm not surprised that I found MotorStorm: Apocalypse lacking.I really didn't like MotorStorm: Apocalypse. I find games rated T (for Teen) to be boring, especially ones from the third person perspective.Transport Tycoon is an average bird view simulation strategy with no multiplayer.Transport Tycoon is a strategy sim that received average reviews. The entire game is played in a bird view perspective, and is only available in single-player.The bird view simulation strategy game, Transport Tycoon, has gotten average ratings. Unfortunately, there is no multiplayer mode in the game.Why do you think the games released by Neversoft Entertainment in 2001 are average at best?Why do you often find Neversoft Entertainment's 2001 games to be rather underwhelming?Why do you think Neversoft Entertainment games from 2001 were not very engaging for you?I know you mentioned you felt that The Forest of Doom was just an okay game. Would you say the selection of Tin Man Games on Steam lacks more solid games?You said you were feeling so-so about The Forest of Doom. Does this feeling carry over to other titles by Tin Man Games on Steam?I recall you saying that you are indifferent of Tin Man Games' The Forest of Doom. Is it safe to safe you feel similar about the other Tin Man Games' titles available on Steam?What is it about the sport racing games released for the PlayStation that makes you feel they're just so-so in quality?Why do you think PlayStation's racing sports games are typically nothing extraordinary?Why do you say that the PlayStation's lineup of sport racing games are serviceable but nothing great?NBA 2K16 is a good third person multiplayer sport game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on Steam.A good third person sports game with multiplayer is NBA 2k16. It's available on PlayStation or Xbox, or on Steam for PC.NBA 2K16 is a good third person sport game that has multiplayer. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam.And as long as we're talking about E rated games made by Kunos Simulazioni, have you heard of Assetto Corsa?Oh, have you heard of Assetto Corsa? It's this E rated game from Kunos Simulazioni.A game developed by Kunos Simulazioni rated E (for Everyone) that I enjoyed was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?The Sims is a fun bird view simulation strategy game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It was also released for Mac, but not for Linux. It is not available on Steam.The Sims is a bird's eye view simulation strategy game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It received good ratings from players. It's not available on Steam and doesn't have a Linux release, but does have a Mac release.Try The Sims, it's a good strategy sim with bird view for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC with Mac support. There's no Steam or Linux availability though.Assetto Corsa is a game that was released in 2014 and is a driving/racing simulation sport game that offers a multiplayer mode to play and compete with your friends and enemies alike. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC. It's also available on Linux, but not on Mac.Assetto Corsa is a single-player sport racing simulation game that is rated E. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It doesn't have a Mac release, but it does have a release for Linux.The sport racing, E rated for everyone, Assetto Corsa was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The multiplayer driving simulation game has a Linux release but not Mac.Assassin's Creed II by Ubisoft Montreal is an action-adventure platformer with good ratings. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac, but is not on Linux. It is available on Steam.Assassin's Creed II released by Ubisoft Montreal is a good action-adventure, platformer that is available on Steam, It was also released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available for Mac, but not for Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure, platformer developed by Ubisoft Montreal. It released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available on Steam and has a Mac version but no Linux version.You seem to be not too fond of multiplayer bird's eye view games, can you help me understand why that is?Why do you think single-player bird's eye view games are nothing more than average?Why do you think that single-player only games played from a bird view perspective are often just mediocre?The Sims is a strategy sim available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's not available on Linux or Steam, though it's available on Mac.The Sims is a simulation-strategy game that is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It can operate on Mac, but it is not released for Linux. It is not available on Steam.The Sims is a simulation, strategy game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It is not currently available through Steam or on Linux.Tetris is an excellent single-player arcade, strategy puzzle game. You can get it for Nintendo and PC with both Linux and Mac releases, too. And you will find it on Steam.Tetris is an excellent arcade puzzle strategy game for Nintendo and PC. The game cannot be played multiplayer and is not available on Steam. However, the game is available for Mac and Linux.The arcade puzzle and strategy game, Tetris, has no multiplayer, but has received excellent reviews. The game is available on Nintendo, PC, Linux and Mac. It is not available on Steam, however.If you're looking for a good multiplayer game to play with your kid, Portal 2 is rated E 10+. Have you heard of it before?Oh, do you know about Portal 2? It's this amazing multiplayer E10+ game from Valve.Speaking of multiplayer games suitable for Everyone 10 and older, have you heard of Portal 2?If you want to play a sport game, Dirt: Showdown is a first and third person driving/racing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux. It is not available on Steam.The sport racing game, Dirt: Showdown, released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, can be played from a first or third person view. The game is not available on Steam, nor does it have a Linux or a Mac release.Dirt: Showdown is a game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. This sport game is driving/racing and can be played in either the first person or third person. You cannot get this game on Steam nor play it on Linux or Mac.Worms: Reloaded, developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, is a strategy action-platformer. It was released in 2010 for the PC, and is available on Steam, Linux, and Mac.Worms: Reloaded is a PC-exclusive action-strategy game from 2010 by Team17 Digital Ltd. You control the worms in a combination of an artillery game and a platformer. It also has Mac and Linux ports, which you can get through Steam.Try Worms: Reloaded, it's a 2010 strategic action-platformer from Team17 Digital Ltd for the PC available through Steam. There is Linux and Mac support too.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poorly-rated music game that has multiplayer capability. It was released in 2009 on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. It is rated T (for Teen).Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poor music game from 2009. It has multiplayer and is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. The game is rated T (for Teen).Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poor music game that is rated T (for Teen). It has multiplayer and was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo in 2009.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was a poor role-playing turn-based strategy game from 2002. It has a bird view perspective and you can play multiplayer.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poorly reviewed game from 2002. It's a bird view, role-playing, turn-based strategy with multiplayer.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poor role-playing game that came out in 2002 and is turn-based strategy. The player can play multiplayer and there is a bird view perspective.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure third person shooter released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's also available on Steam, and its content is rated M (for Mature).Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter rated M (for Mature). It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam.Resident Evil 4 is an M (for Mature) rated action-adventure third person shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Steam.You always praise M rated games, what's the reason for that?Why do you always seem to really, really love M rated games?Why do you love M rated games so much?What is it about M rated games that you find so excellent?Why do you love M rated games so much more than games with other content ratings?I'm wondering, why is it you love M rated games so much?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was a solid first person game. I tend to like most releases from Ubisoft Montreal.I'm a fan of Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. Most of the time, I enjoy Ubisoft Montreal's first person games.Ubisoft Montreal outdid themselves when they made Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. From the first person perspective it looks so realistic.If you want a good hack-and-slash game, Diablo II by Blizzard North in 2000 is a bird view role-playing game with multiplayer mode.One good hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird view perspective is Diablo II. It was released in 2000 and developed by Blizzard North. It also has multiplayer, if you like that.The role-playing multiplayer game, Diablo II, was developed in 2000 by Blizzard North. This hack-and-slash game is played on a bird view and has good ratings.I loathe Trivial Pursuit. Electronic Arts has never put out good games for the Nintendo.I figured that the Trivial Pursuit game from Electronic Arts would be great on my Nintendo, but nope, a terrible game.I really did not enjoy Trivial Pursuit. Electronic Arts is not good at making video games for Nintendo.Mafia is an excellent driving and fighting third person shooter. It was released in 2002 with an M rating and was developed by Illusion Softworks.Mafia is a third person driving/racing and fighting shooter developed by Illusion Softworks. It released in 2002 with an M (for Mature) rating. The game received excellent ratings from players.Mafia is an excellent third person shooter with a lot of driving and fighting, released in 2002 by Illusion Softworks. It is rated M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Worms: Reloaded is an average action platformer with strategy elements from 2010. You play it with a side view perspective, and it has a multiplayer too. The game is for everyone 10 and older.Worms: Reloaded is an action, platformer, and strategy game that is played in side view. This game was released in 2010 with an average rating. This game is for everyone 10 and older and always for multiplayer.If you like strategic action-platformers, try Worms: Reloaded. This side view multiplayer game was released in 2010 with an average rating and has a E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating.The MMORPG game The Elder Scrolls Online, which was released on Mac too?Was it the MMORPG game The Elder Scrolls Online that was released on Mac?The Elder Scrolls Online, the MMORPG that also got a Mac release?If you're looking for a good action-adventure, role-playing, shooter game you should try BioShock. The game is played in first person perspective.If you like role-playing games, BioShock is a first person action-adventure, shooter with good ratings.If you want a good first person, action-adventure role-playing shooter, try BioShock.Worms: Reloaded, released in 2010, is a side view action platformer strategy game. It includes a multiplayer mode.For an action-strategy side view platformer with multiplayer, check out Worms: Reloaded from 2010.Released in 2010, Worms: Reloaded is an action platformer from the side view. This strategy game also has multiplayer.Metro 2033 was an action role-playing shooter game but didn't have multiplayer.The action shooter Metro 2033 is a role-playing game with no option to play with multiple players.Metro 2033 is an action shooter and role-playing game, but it does not have a multiplayer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a multiplayer action-adventure shooting game with puzzles. It was released in 2014 and rated T (for Teen).In 2014, an action-adventure shooter game packed with puzzles, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, was released. This game was rated T (for Teens) and has multiplayer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a 2014 action-adventure shooter that involves puzzle solving too. It has multiplayer, and is rated T (for Teen).Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game released in 1994. The game does not offer multiplayer and was reviewed as average.Little Big Adventure is a third person view, action-adventure game from 1994. It has no multiplayer and has an average rating among gamers.If you're interested in an action-adventure video game, try Little Big adventure it was released in 1994 it has recieved average ratings. The game has a third person view, but no multiplayer.I do not care for Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, or any music games from Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a rare miss for Beenox. Usually such a juggernaut in the music genre, they made a pretty lame game this time.I didn't enjoy Guitar Hero: Smash Hits at all. The music genre has never been a favorite of mine, and I just don't think that the developer Beenox has any idea what they're doing.Earlier you said you enjoyed Rocket League. Do you frequently prefer third person sports games featuring vehicular combat?Do you commonly favor third person player perspectives like you get in the vehicular combat of a sport title such as Rocket League?You said that Rocket League was a fun time. Do you feel the same way about other third person vehicular combat sports games?You mean the PC game BioShock, which is rated M (for Mature)?Is that the M rated PC game BioShock?Are you talking about the M rated BioShock on PC?Superhot is an indie shooter available on PlayStation and Xbox, as well as being available on Steam for PC, Mac, and Linux. It's well-known for its tactical gameplay.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam. It also has a Linux and Mac release.The indie game, Superhot, is a tactical shooter. It is available on the PlayStation and Xbox consoles. The game is also available on PC, Linux, and Mac and can be found on Steam.Metroid Prime Pinball is a 2005 release from Fuse Games. It is a puzzle pinball game for Nintendo, and it is rated E.Fuse Games released the pinball and puzzle game, Metroid Prime Pinball in 2005 for Nintendo. It was rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is a 2005 pinball, puzzle game developed by Fuse Games for Nintendo. It is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer with a multiplayer mode.Super Mario World is a fantastic platformer with side view and multiplayer.Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer, even offering multiplayer.Crysis is a good action-adventure shooter that's rated M (for Mature). It was developed by Crytek Frankfurt and released in 2007.Crysis by Crytek Frankfurt is a good action-adventure shooter. It came out in 2007 and is rated M (for Mature).Crysis, by Crytek Frankfurt, is an M-rated action-adventure FPS from 2007. It received good reviews.Need for Speed: The Run is an average driving/racing game. This came out in 2011 and can be played on PlayStation, Nintendo, PC or Xbox. This game is not available on Steam and can be played in either third person or first person.Need for Speed: The Run is an averagely reviewed game. It is a first person, third person driving/racing game released in 2011. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but not for Steam.Release in 2011, Need for Speed: The Run is an average racing game that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and even PC, but it isn't available on Steam. You can switch between the first person and third person perspective.It may be worth giving FIFA 12 a try if you own a PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, or PC. If you intend on getting it on PC, be aware that it isn't available for Linux but is available for Mac. It's a sport simulation game that has received only average ratings.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation game, released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It was also released on Mac, but not on Linux.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game with average ratings. It is on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is supported by Mac, but it is not on Linux.Speaking of action-adventure shooter games for the Xbox, have you gotten a chance to try Crysis?Hey, I was just playing Crysis and I know you like action-adventure shooters on Xbox, so I think you should pick it up. Have you already played it before?You mentioned action-adventure shooters for the Xbox; well, have you ever heard of Crysis?I know you like driving/racing sport simulation games. Have you heard of the third person game F1 2014?A third person driving/racing sport simulator I enjoyed was F1 2014. Have you played it before?Speaking of third person sport racing simulators, I know of one that was pretty good. Have you heard of F1 2014 before?You said World of Warcraft was fun. Is that true for lots of other games offering a third person perspective?Do you like the majority of third person games, or just World of Warcraft?You said you liked World of Warcraft, and so I wonder, is the third person view something you explicitly look for in games?Released in 2005, Resident Evil 4 was Developed by Capcom Production Studio 4. Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter.Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter by Capcom Production Studio 4. It was released in 2005.Another third person action-adventure shooter to try is Resident Evil 4. Capcom Production Studio 4 developed this one in 2005.How is it that you like to play M rated games from 2004 so much?What do you think makes M rated games from 2004 so great?What is it about the M rated games released in 2004 that makes them some of your all-time favorites?Madden NFL 15 was released in 2014 on PlayStation and Xbox. It's a multiplayer sports simulation game that can be played from a third person or a bird view.A multiplayer sports sim from 2014 is Madden NFL 15. You can play on PlayStation and Xbox with your friends in multiplayer using a third person bird view.If you're looking for a sport simulation game, try Madden NFL 15 from 2014. The game runs on PlayStation or Xbox with multiplayer support and can play out either from a bird view or third person player perspective.I've been thinking about unusual games today, have you played one lately?Have you played a video game lately that you found to be rather unusual?Are there any unusual games you would recommend?The third person perspective game, Driver, was released in 1999. This driving/racing simulation game has been rated T (for Teen) and is considered to be average.Driver was released in 1999 with a Teen rating. It's an average third person driving/racing simulator.Driver is third person racing simulation game originally released in 1999. The game received a T (for Teen) rating and got average ratings from players.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a pretty enjoyable game in my opinion. Firaxis Games is a quality developer, and the multiplayer was a nice addition to the game as well.I like multiplayer games like Sid Meier's Civilization V, and Firaxis Games is one of my favorite developers.Oh yeah, I like Sid Meier's Civilization V. Firaxis Games does well with multiplayer.You mentioned enjoying playing Crysis a moment ago. Would action-adventure first person shooters land fairly high in your genre ranking?You mentioned previously that you liked Crysis. In general are you a fan of first person perspective action-adventure games featuring shooting?Since you like Crysis, do you also like all first person action-adventure shooters?Football Manager 2015 is a strategy sports sim by the developer Sports Interactive. It came out in 2014 to good reviews.Football Manager 2015 is a good sports strategy sim from 2014. It was released by Sports Interactive.In 2014, Sports Interactive developed Football Manager 2015, a good video game combining the elements of simulation, sport and strategy into one.Rollcage, by Attention To Detail, is an average action racing game. It is rated E.If you're looking for an action racing game, Rollcage is your game. Developed by Attention To Detail, it has average reviews and is rated E (for Everyone) by the ESRB.Rollcage is an action racing game developed by Attention To Detail. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and was released to average critic scores.Life is Strange was a pretty good M rated game. It handled the themes well and I like the ease of grabbing games on Steam.I absolutely love M rated games that can explore a lot of deep themes, but I disdain Steam and don't want to play games there. That's why I thought Life is Strange was a good game, but I wouldn't quite describe it as excellent.I quite fancy Life is Strange. It's one of many M rated games I enjoy on Steam.I do like Life is Strange. In fact, I enjoy third person role-playing games generally.I enjoyed playing Life is Strange, just like I usually do third person RPGs.Life is Strange is pretty good, as far as third person RPGs go.Do you mean Ori and the Blind Forest that was released in 2015?When you mentioned Ori and the Blind Forest, are you talking about the 2015 game?Do you mean Ori and the Blind Forest from 2015?Fuse Games' Metroid Prime Pinball is an average game that I recently played on my Nintendo. I wish it was better, to be honest.Frankly, I think Metroid Prime Pinball could be somewhat better. Fuse Games had never really excelled in the Nintendo platform.I like playing games on the Nintendo, but Fuse Games doesn't take advantage of the platform properly, so Metroid Prime Pinball ended up being just average.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness got really poor ratings for an action-adventure shooter game. You play it in third person but there is no multiplayer.This poorly rated third person shooter game, Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, takes you on an action-adventure story with no multiplayer capabilities.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter with poor reviews and no multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is a barely average game from Team17 Digital Ltd among all the games I've played on PC.Worms: Reloaded is average but nothing special. Team17 Digital Ltd is competent enough I guess, but they don't take full advantage of the PC platform.Worms: Reloaded is an average game in my opinion. I enjoy playing games on my PC so that's a plus, but I don't really care for the style of games made by Team17 Digital Ltd.An M rated game from Sledgehammer Games that I thought was decent is Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of M rated games developed by Sledgehammer Games, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Do you know about Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare? It's basically an M rated game from Sledgehammer Games that also has Kevin Spacey in it, but like, before we knew about all the stuff he did.Sid Meier's Civilization V is an example of a good turn-based strategy simulation game. It is suitable for everyone over 10 and boasts multiplayer features.You have to try this game, Sid Meier's Civilization V. It's a really good turn-based simulation strategy game. It has multiplayer and it is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy game for PC. The multiplayer simulation game has received universal acclaim and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Never Alone from Upper One Games was made in 2014. It's rated T (for Teen) and has average reviews. This indie adventure platformer game has side view and multiplayer.Never Alone was developed by Upper One Games in 2014, and it has an average rating. It's an indie adventure-style platformer with multiplayer, and the side view perspective is one of my favorites. It's even rated T (for Teen), so almost anyone can play it.Never Alone is an average indie adventure side view platformer with multiplayer. It is rated T (for Teen), and was developed by Upper One Games in 2014.Ever tried out Madden NFL 15? It was developed by EA Tiburon, whose games you seem to like.So while we're talking about games by EA Tiburon, have you played Madden NFL 15?I've heard you mention EA Tiburon. Are you familiar with their Madden NFL 15?You said that you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Would you say it's common that you like to play driving and racing games on the PlayStation?So you mentioned Need for Speed: Most Wanted was fun. Is PlayStation the platform on which you enjoy playing racing games the most?You stated Need for Speed: Most Wanted was alright on the PlayStation. Is that true for other driving games?Have you played any games from Ensemble Studios, for instance Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?I wonder, have you played any titles from Ensemble Studios, like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?I was curious, have you played any games made by Ensemble Studios, such as Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?The action and strategy game, Super Bomberman, was released by Hudson Soft in 1993.Super Bomberman is an action-strategy game made by Hudson Soft in 1993.Super Bomberman was released by Hudson Soft in 1993 and is an action strategy game.I know you mentioned you thought Transport Tycoon was mediocre. Do you feel that way about all the games developed by Chris Sawyer?Do you tend to find Chris Sawyer's games average, or was it just Transport Tycoon?I see that you're so-so about Transport Tycoon. Is this your opinion for all games from Chris Sawyer?Honestly, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits just wasn't engaging for me. I tend to avoid games by Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was way worse than any Guitar Hero game, most likely due to it being developed by Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is just not my kind of game. I find Beenox games are often not very fun.If you like pinball puzzle games, then you should try the Nintendo video game created by Fuse Games, called Metroid Prime Pinball.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game for the Nintendo consoles, developed by Fuse Games.Metroid Prime Pinball is a Nintendo pinball puzzle game from Fuse Games.I remember you mentioned that Tom Clancy's The Division, by Massive Entertainment, was just OK. Do you generally think all games on Steam are just average?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Is that the case with all games developed by Massive Entertainment that are on Steam?You said you were ambivalent towards Tom Clancy's The Division. Is this the case for all games by Massive Entertainment on Steam?Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter, released in 2012.The 2012 first person shooter game, Far Cry 3, is fun and packed with action and adventure.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter game that came out in 2012.Outlast II is an indie adventure game released by Red Barrels in 2017.Outlast II is a 2017 indie adventure game by Red Barrels.Red Barrels released the indie adventure game, Outlast II, in 2017.NBA 2K19 is a new sports game expected to be released on September 11, 2018, and will be available on all the major platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.If you like sports games, you should try NBA 2K19 when it comes out September 11, 2018. The game will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC.NBA 2K19 is an NBA basketball sports games poised to be released across all platforms on September 11, 2018. To be specific, this game will be released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.Have you played any games by Team17 Digital Ltd that are available on Steam, such as Worms: Reloaded?Have you played any of Team17 Digital Ltd's lineup of games on Steam, such as Worms: Reloaded?What do you think about Team17 Digital Ltd's games on Steam like Worms: Reloaded?Metro 2033 is an action, role-playing shooter that is playable on Xbox and PC and is available on Steam. It was not released for Linux or Mac.Metro 2033 is an action, role-playing shooter game developed for the Xbox and PC. The game is currently available on Steam but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Metro 2033 is an action shooter RPG available on Xbox and PC. You can get it on Steam now, but there isn't a Mac or Linux release.You said earlier that you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Are you a fan in general of games by EA Redwood Shores from 2005?You indicated that you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Are you typically into games by EA Redwood Shores from 2005?So you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was decent. Do you think there were other good racing games from EA Redwood Shores released in 2005?I wonder why you love PC games made by Square so much.What do you find so incredible about Square's PC games?What can the PC platform do for games developed by Square that is not available on other platforms?Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving/racing, simulation game. It's available for PC and Mac, but there was no Linux release.If you're a fan of simulation games, and especially ones where you are driving/racing, look no further than Euro Truck Simulator. Although it is a poor game it is available on Mac and PC but there is no Linux release in sight so far.Euro Truck Simulator is a driving simulation game released for the PC and Mac. The game has been reviewed poorly and does not offer a Linux release.What's the newest game from Red Entertainment Corporation that you've played?Do you know what the newest game that Red Entertainment Corporation made is?What's the newest game made by Red Entertainment Corporation?Are you talking about BioShock, the PC game you can buy on Steam?Is the BioShock you're talking about the one for the PC that you can get on Steam?BioShock, that game that's available through Steam on the PC?Need for Speed: Payback is a third person, driving/racing multiplayer game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. To date, it isn't available on Linux or Mac.A game that i personally like to play multiplayer with friends and relax while driving/racing is called Need for Speed:Payback and it plays from the third person perspective. Although NFS: Payback has no Linux or Mac versions, it is available for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms.Need for Speed: Payback is a driving/racing game released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game plays from a third person perspective and offers multiplayer. For PC release the game is only available on Windows with no release for Linux or Mac.What do you like best about what Dontnod Entertainment does with PlayStation games?Why do you think the games Dontnod Entertainment made for the PlayStation are pretty good?What do you think makes Dontnod Entertainment's PlayStation games good?Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulation game that has no multiplayer. It was released for PC and is available on Steam, but it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Bus Driver is a single-player indie driving sim available on PC only, and is available on Steam. This game has an overall poor rating. It is not supported for Linux or Mac.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulator available on Steam. The game is available on PC, but not Linux or Mac. There is no multiplayer.I know The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an M rated game from 2011, but it's my favorite game from that year.Oh man, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was one good game. I can't believe it came out way back in 2011, and I'm honestly surprised it got an M rating since most of what I've seen in it is pretty tame, but then again with such a massive game there's definitely tons of stuff I've never even seen.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim felt way ahead of its time for being released in 2011. I really enjoyed the freedom that it had due to the Mature rating.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater for PlayStation is an action-adventure tactical shooter game. It was released in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater came out in 2004 on PlayStation. It's an action-adventure shooter, with tactical elements.If you like tactical action-adventure shooters, try Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. It was released in 2004 and only available on PlayStation.On the topic of simulation strategy games, have you tried Transport Tycoon?Since you're into simulation strategy games, have you tried the game Transport Tycoon?A good strategy simulation is hard to find, but have you played Transport Tycoon?Why do you think that the games Hudson Soft released back in 1993 feel mediocre?I noticed you are not too fond of Hudson Soft games from 1993. But what's the reason?Why are you unimpressed by Hudson Soft's 1993 catalog of games?How much do you enjoy M rated Xbox games like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Do you also like Xbox games rated M (for Mature), such as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Have you played any M rated Xbox games before, like for example The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Why do you dislike indie trivia board games?Why don't you ever enjoy indie trivia/board games?What is it about indie games in the trivia/board game genre that you find so distasteful?Euro Truck Simulator is a first person driving/racing simulator out in 2008. It has received mostly negative reviews.Euro Truck Simulator is a lackluster 2008 first person driving simulator.Euro Truck Simulator from 2008 was a poor driving/racing simulation game. It was first person.Your opinion of Metro 2033 seems to be that it's a pretty good game. Do you mostly enjoy playing action RPG shooters from a first person perspective?You mentioned earlier that you liked Metro 2033. Do you regularly play first person action games with role-playing and shooting?You said that you liked Metro 2033. Do you also feel good about other first person action shooter RPGs?Are you speaking about the Silent Hill 2, the action-adventure puzzle game that was given an M rating?Are you talking about the M-rated action-adventure puzzle game, Silent Hill 2?Is the Silent Hill 2 you just mentioned the one that's an M rated action-adventure puzzle game?A classic game that Ensemble Studios released back in 1999 was Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you ever played it?Speaking of games from 1999, have you ever heard of the Ensemble Studios game Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Speaking of 1999 releases from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?If you're looking for a racing game to play with friends, Need for Speed: Most Wanted from 2005 has multiplayer support.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a racing game originally released in 2005. The game has multiplayer support.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a multiplayer racing game that was released in 2005.I heard you say that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you feel that multiplayer games tend to be more fun from a bird's eye view?You said earlier that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Are you a fan in general of multiplayer games with a bird view perspective?Earlier, you said you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you usually enjoy multiplayer games from a bird's-eye view?The Elder Scrolls Online is an M-rated MMORPG from ZeniMax Online Studios for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game allows you to change between first person and third person perspectives. While it currently does not have a Linux release, it is available on Mac.The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG and is rated M (for Mature). It was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios and offers both a first person and third person experience. Currently, it is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. The game is not available on Linux.The Elder Scrolls Online is a first and third person MMORPG released by ZeniMax Online Studios. This game was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is rated M (for Mature). It has a Mac release, but not one for Linux.Do you tend to enjoy M rated games, or is BioShock simply unique which made you like it?I know you enjoyed BioShock a fair amount. Would you say that you like to play M rated games in general?I believe that you said you liked BioShock. Do you generally like games rated for mature audiences?Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure puzzle game. The shooter is played in the bird view.Lara Croft and The Temple of Osiris is a game with average ratings. You're placed in a bird's eye view of the action-adventure, puzzle and shooter style game play.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris has an average rating. This game is an action-packed adventure, but also has a puzzle and shooter element to it. You get to play in a bird view perspective throughout the game.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game that was released in 2009.In 2009, Trivial Pursuit was released for those who love trivia or board games.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game released in 2009.2010's Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good simulation, turn-based strategy with multiplayer. It was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good simulation turn-based strategy game from 2010. It features multiplayer and is rated E 10+.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good multiplayer turn-based simulation-strategy game. It came out in 2010, and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie adventure game. This hack-and-slash game cannot be played multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an amazing hack-and-slash adventure from an indie studio. It only has a single-player mode.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie hack-and-slash adventure game. It has no multiplayer.If you are into fighting games, Mafia is a single-player driving shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux. You can grab it on Steam.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam. It does not have multiplayer support and is not available on Mac or Linux.Mafia is a single-player driving and fighting shooter game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. The game has no Linux or Mac release.I'm curious whether you play any multiplayer T rated games, for instance Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Are you a fan of multiplayer teen games like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Do you like playing T rated games with multiplayer, such as Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird view real-time strategy released in 1999.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings was released in 1999 as a real-time strategy with a bird view perspective.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird's eye view real-time strategy game released in 1999.Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure puzzle game rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure puzzle game. It is rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure game full of puzzles to solve. It's rated M (for Mature).The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG that came out in 2014 from ZeniMax Online Studios. The game is rated M (for Mature) and offers both first person and third person perspectives.The Elder Scrolls Online is a ZeniMax Online Studios MMORPG from 2014. There's first person and third person views, and it's rated M (for Mature).If you want an MMORPG with first or third person perspective, check out The Elder Scrolls Online. It came out in 2014 and was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios. It is rated M (for Mature), though.Life is Strange is a good game. I have a fondness for games released in 2015 like it, and it's for the PC which is my preferred platform.I often enjoy a game of Life is Strange. In fact, it's one of the few PC games I like that were released back in 2015.Life is Strange was quite enjoyable. 2015 was a good year for PC releases.Super Bomberman is one of my favorite Nintendo games, also available on PC, though not through Steam. It came out all the way back in 1993, and you can't get it for any modern consoles, unfortunately, so no online multiplayer, or of course Linux or Mac releases either. That said, it's still one of the most addicting action-strategy games out there.Super Bomberman is an action strategy game released in 1993 for Nintendo consoles and PC. The single-player experience is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Super Bomberman is this single-player Nintendo game from 1993 full of action and strategy. You can also play on PC, however, you can't get it on Steam, nor Linux or Mac.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game that received good ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation and PC. It has no Steam release or Linux release, but does have a Mac release.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good RTS available on PlayStation, PC and Mac without being on Steam though. It doesn't run on Linux systems.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings was a good real-time strategy game. It could be played on PlayStation and PC. It was released on Mac, but not Linux or Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was released in 2016 by EA Digital Illusions CE. It is an okay T-rated action-adventure game that uses fighting style for the platforming gameplay, presented entirely from a first person perspective.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighting game, rated T (for Teen). It was released in 2016 by EA Digital Illusions CE and is generally considered average.Mirror's Edge Catalyst by EA Digital Illusions CE is from 2016. It is an average action-adventure fighting game rated T (for Teen) and has first person view.A newly anticipated tactical shooter game, expected to be released November 13, 2018 by developer IO Interactive, Hitman 2 will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game will be played with third person perspective.Hitman 2 by IO Interactive is a third person tactical shooter game, expected out on November 13, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Hitman 2 is a third person tactical shooter that will be released on November 13, 2018. Developed by IO Interactive, it will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.If you're interested in a good action-adventure shooter, look into Crysis. It was released in 2007 and is rated M (for mature).A good action-adventure shooter for mature audiences is Crysis, released in 2007.You'll like Crysis, it's an M (for Mature) action-adventure shooter from 2007 with good reviews.You had good things to say about Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Is that usually your opinion of games with a third person perspective?You said you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Did the third person perspective contribute to your liking of the game you think?I know you mentioned liking Need for Speed: Most Wanted a fair amount. So you like games with a third person perspective?Quantum Break is a third person adventure-shooter that is available on Steam. It's playable on Xbox and PC, but not for Linux or Mac. It does not have a multiplayer mode.Quantum Break is a single-player, adventure third person shooter. You can play it on Xbox and PC, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's available on Steam.If you are looking for a single-player, third person adventure shooter, try Quantum Break for Xbox or PC. It is available on Steam, but without a Linux or Mac release.You told me you liked playing Life is Strange. Are you a into other third person, single-player games?Earlier you mentioned liking Life is Strange. Are you typically down with single-player games that have a third person perspective?I know that you liked Life is Strange. Do you have fun playing third person perspective single-player games in general?What's a game you found rather unfair recently?What's the first game that comes to your mind about which you felt it was just unfair?Have you ever played a video game that just felt plain unfair?Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game that was released in 2000 and is played from a bird view player perspective. Though you can't find it on Steam and it doesn't have a Linux release, you can play it on PC and Mac.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash, role-playing game played from a bird view. It was released in 2000 for PC and Mac. It has no release on Steam or Linux.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash, role-playing game from 2000 for PC and Mac. You play this game from a bird view perspective. It is not available for Steam or Linux.I remember you saying that you loved The Room. Do you tend to enjoy PC games from 2012?I recall you mentioning that The Room was a top game. Do you frequently like to play games from 2012 on PC?You said that The Room was one of the best games you've played. Do you think that the other games released for the PC in 2012 were really good too?Fuse Games maybe did their best with Metroid Prime Pinball, and they easily kept to Nintendo's preferred E rating, but it's just not the game for me.I think Metroid Prime Pinball is okay, but Fuse Games never really figured out how to make a good E rated game.Metroid Prime Pinball is an okay game in my books. I don't generally like the developer Fuse Games, but I appreciated that it had an E rating and was thus family friendly.The poor racing and driving simulator, Euro Truck Simulator is a first person PC game that is available on Steam. There is a Mac version but no equivalent Linux option.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor first person driving simulator that was released for PC only. It is available on Steam and has a Mac release, but it does not have a Linux release.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving/racing simulation for PC only. This first person game is on Steam and supports Mac but not Linux.Bus Driver is an all-around poor game without even a multiplayer. It's rated E (for Everyone), but honestly, this game should be played by no one.I just don't like Bus Driver at all. E rated games are always too tame for me, and I don't enjoy single-player only games either.The lack of multiplayer in Bus Driver was annoying, and the E rating meant it was kind of dull, so I didn't enjoy it at all.SpellForce 3 is a multiplayer real-time strategy RPG. It runs on PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is available on Steam.SpellForce 3 is a PC game that is available on Steam, but not Linux or Mac. It is a multiplayer role-playing real-time strategy.A multiplayer RTS RPG hybrid you can play with your friends on PC is SpellForce 3. It's available on Steam, although unfortunately not on Mac or Linux.NHL 15 is a sport simulation game with average ratings. It has been released on PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15 is an average-rated sports sim which is available on PlayStation and Xbox.And average sports simulation game to play is NHL 15. It's available on PlayStation and Xbox.Can you tell me why you have such a strong preference for third person perspective games available on Steam?How come you're so fond of third person games on Steam?Why do you absolutely love third person games that are available on Steam?Ori and the Blind Forest is a adventure puzzle platformer with no multiplayer.If you want an adventure puzzle platformer with no multiplayer, try Ori and the Blind Forest.Ori and the Blind Forest is a single-player adventure puzzle platformer.A sports strategy and simulation game with good ratings is Football Manager 2015. It was released in 2014 and allows multiplayer.The 2014 game, Football Manager 2015, was a good sport strategy simulation game with multiplayer too.Maybe try Football Manager 2015. It's a 2014 sports strategy simulator with good ratings and multiplayer.Are you talking about Worms: Reloaded, the game released on both Linux and Mac?By Worms: Reloaded, do you mean the game that's got both Mac and Linux releases?Do you mean the Mac and Linux game, Worms: Reloaded?Do you like any games from Neversoft Entertainment, like 2001's Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Have you played any of Neversoft Entertainment's games that they released back in 2001, such as Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Do you like any of Neversoft Entertainment's 2001 games, such as Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game with average ratings.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that has received average ratings.Dirt: Showdown is a decent sport racing game.SpellForce 3 is real-time strategy, role-playing game. It has received poor ratings.I wouldn't recommend SpellForce 3, though it's an RTS RPG, it has poor ratings.SpellForce 3 was not a super fun game to play. It has a pretty bad rating for a real-time strategy game even with its role-playing elements.You said you liked Life is Strange. So, do you like all of the role-playing games made by Dontnod Entertainment?You mentioned earlier that you liked Life is Strange. Are you commonly fond of role-playing games from Dontnod Entertainment?I remember you saying that you liked Life is Strange. Do you think Dontnod Entertainment has a good approach to role-playing games in general?Are you referring to the third person Grand Theft Auto V?Do you mean Grand Theft Auto V, the third person game?Do you mean the Grand Theft Auto V that has got a third person perspective?Grand Theft Auto V is a action-adventure, driving/racing, shooter by the developer Rockstar North. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC (no Linux or Mac support), and it does offer multiplayer.Grand Theft Auto V was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC by Rockstar North, but doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's an action-adventure, driving/racing shooter game that has multiplayer.The action-adventure packed shooter game, Grand Theft Auto V, was developed by Rockstar North for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is a multiplayer driving game, but has no Linux or Mac release.Do you have any experience with gaming on a Linux system?Do you play games on Linux at all?Do you like to game on Linux?Would you recommend Linux for playing games?Is Linux your gaming OS of choice?Do you ever play games on a Linux system?Have you ever played a game on Linux?Is Linux your OS for gaming?Do you like Linux games?Do you game often on Linux?Are you a Linux gamer?Does it matter to you if you can play a game on a Linux OS?Undertale is an indie, adventure, role-playing game by the developer tobyfox. It have received overall excellent ratings.Undertale is an excellent role-playing indie adventure game developed by tobyfox.If you are looking for an excellent adventure game, check out Undertale by tobyfox. This game is an indie and role-playing title.I eventually picked up Far Cry 3 for my PlayStation after hearing of the hype, and thankfully, it's a pretty good game.I enjoyed playing Far Cry 3, like I do pretty much all PlayStation games.PlayStation has had a lot of interesting and expanding games, and Far Cry 3 was one of those good ones.So what is the thing about third person sport racing simulators that gives you good time playing them?Why do you like a third person perspective in sport racing simulators?How come you prefer sport racing sim games with a third person view?Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poorly-rated 2002 role-playing and turn-based strategy game. It's available on PC but doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.And then there's Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. This 2002 turn-based RPG for PC has poor ratings. There's no Linux or Mac support.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a pretty bad turn-based role-playing strategy game from 2002. It was only released on PC--no Mac or Linux.Have you had a bad experience with any poorly balanced games recently?What do you think is the most poorly balanced game you've played?What do you think is the most poorly balanced game you've ever played?Hey, I know Firaxis Games night not have the strongest reputation, but Sid Meier's Civilization V is worth a try. Have you checked it out?You seem to be a fan of Firaxis Games titles, so have you played Sid Meier's Civilization V?Since you like games developed by Firaxis Games, have you played Sid Meier's Civilization V?The Room was just incredible. Indie point-and-click puzzle games are really flourishing on Steam.I absolutely adore indie point-and-click puzzle games, and love the convenience of Steam, so for me The Room was a match made in heaven.I love indie point-and-click puzzle games that let me show off on Steam, and so I found The Room to be an amazing experience.Crysis is an action-adventure shooter that was released in 2007, rated M (for Mature). It is considered good quality, and has multiplayer mode.An action-adventure shooter game for mature audiences is the 2007 game, Crysis. It was a fun game offering also a multiplayer mode.A solid M-rated action-adventure shooter, Crysis, came out in 2007. The game offers multiplayer.Have you played any thrilling video games lately?Is there a game you played lately that you found thrilling?Are there any games you find really thrilling?Tom Clancy's The Division is a so-so game. It's on the Xbox which is a platform I like, but the M rating felt forced.I'm so-so on M-rated Xbox games like Tom Clancy's The Division.I sort of liked Tom Clancy's The Division. I mean, it was okay, but I'm not that into M rated Xbox games.A Way Out is a fun third person action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is not available on Steam.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It's not on Steam, Linux, or Mac.A Way Out is considered a good third person action-adventure game for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It is not currently available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.2016's Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an okay game elevated to average by its solid multiplayer aspect.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was decent. Although a game from 2016, its multiplayer was fun.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a game I don't regret playing, but it's not one that's gonna stick with me. It's got multiplayer which I liked, but it came out in 2016 and for whatever reason I just am not a fan of games from what year.For an adventure puzzle platformer, try Ori and the Blind Forest on either Xbox or PC. It was released in 2015 and is available on Steam. There is no release for Linux or Mac.The 2015 game Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure puzzle platformer. It can be played on Xbox and your PC. It isn't available on Linux or Mac, but it was released on Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure platformer puzzle game from 2015. It is available for the Xbox and PC but not Linux or Mac. You can get it on Steam.How come you love Capcom Production Studio 4's single-player games?What is it about the single-player games made by Capcom Production Studio 4 that you think is excellent?What is it about Capcom Production Studio 4's single-player only games that makes you find them so great?Oh, you mean Undertale, right? The one that was ported to Mac and Linux?Is the Undertale you're talking about the one that has both Mac and Linux versions?Are you talking about Undertale, which is available on both Mac and Linux?You told me about your love for Mass Effect 2 recently. Do you feel this love for the other M rated games developed by BioWare?You said that you totally dug Mass Effect 2. Do you mostly like to play mature games from BioWare?A moment ago you mentioned how awesome you thought Mass Effect 2 was. Generally speaking, do you think the M rated games developed by BioWare are great?Need for Speed: Payback is a poor driving/racing game, with an ESRB: T (for Teen). It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can't play it on Steam, Linux or Mac.Although it is considered to be of poor likeability, Need for Speed: Payback is available on all gaming platforms, which includes PlayStation Xbox and PC. It is a T-rated driving/racing game and it is not available on Steam, nor does it have a Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor racing game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. There's no Steam, Linux or Mac support. The game's rated T.Do you enjoy third person action tactical games, like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Have you played any third person tactical action games, for instance, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?I'm wondering, do you like playing third person tactical action games, like for example Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?I usually enjoy PC games for their increased content maturity level, but the teen rated Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness should have been made M (for Mature) and I would've enjoyed it way more.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a T rated PC game that, unfortunately was pretty poor in quality.I think that the PC is usually a fine platform for playing video games, but Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness's T rating just neutered any impact it could have had and made for a very poor experience.NHL 15 is an average sports simulator played from a bird view and has multiplayer. It was out on PlayStation and Xbox in 2014 with a E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating.NHL 15 is a game with ESRB: E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) in the simulation sport genre. It has a bird view player perspective, it is multiplayer, and it's available for PlayStation and Xbox. It was released in 2014 and has an average rating.NHL 15 is your average sport simulation game played from the bird view perspective. Thanks to its multiplayer mode, you can challenge your friends online. The game was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox only, and ESRB rated it E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).When you mention Undertale, do you mean the game that was developed by tobyfox and which you can get on Steam?Undertale? Oh, that's the one from tobyfox you can get on Steam, right?Do you mean Undertale, the game tobyfox made, available on Steam?Need for Speed: The Run is an average-rated multiplayer driving/racing game. It is set in the first and third person.Need for Speed: The Run is an average multiplayer driving/racing game. The game gives of option of a first person or third person view.Need for Speed: The Run is an average rated driving/racing game played in first or third person modes. It also has multiplayer capabilities.Do you mean the Little Big Adventure that has a third person perspective?Do you mean the third person game, Little Big Adventure?Don't you mean the Little Big Adventure that is a third person game?Have you ever played a game that you just found annoying?What's an annoying game that you've played recently?Have you played a game lately that you found annoying?Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure puzzle game by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The game is played from a third person perspective. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but is not available on Steam.Silent Hill 2 is a third person action-adventure, puzzle game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not currently available on Steam.Silent Hill 2 was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but it is not available on Steam. It is a third person action-adventure puzzle genre game.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India turned out to be pretty bad. It came out in 2016 and is an action-adventure platformer. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and even though it has a Steam release, there are no Mac or Linux versions.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer from 2016. It can be played on multiple platforms including PC, Xbox, PlayStation, and is available on Steam. It did not have a release on Linux or Mac.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was a poor action-adventure platformer released in 2016 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can get it on Steam, but you can't play it on Linux or Mac.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle game with shooter elements which is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Unfortunately there's no Mac or Linux release.The action-adventure shooter and puzzler called Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was released for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC with no Linux or Mac versions on offer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure, puzzle shooter game. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Undertale from 2015 is an excellent indie adventure role-playing game, but it doesn't have multiplayer. It can be played on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, or Mac.If you love adventure and role-playing games, try Undertale, although keep in mind that it's single-player only. It's an excellent indie game from 2015 released for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. You can even play it on Linux or Mac.If you want an excellent adventure game, try Undertale. It came out in 2015 on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is an indie role-playing game with no multiplayer option. Undertale is also available on Linux and Mac.Do you know of any really addictive Mac games coming out soon?Do you know of any addictive games that have a Mac release?Do you know a really addictive game that has a Mac release?While we're on the subject of first person driving/racing sport simulators, have you ever heard of Assetto Corsa?A driving/racing sport sim that you can play in first person is Assetto Corsa. You played it?A first person sport racing sim that I enjoyed was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?Would you tell me why you vastly enjoy Valve Corporation games with no multiplayer?What is it about single-player games made by Valve Corporation that you find so attractive?What makes you adore Valve Corporation's single-player games like do?If you have a PlayStation and enjoy vehicular combat games that you can play mutiplayer with friends, you should try MotorStorm: Apocalypse. The game came out in 2011 and is played with third person perspective.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was released in the year 2011 on the PlayStation only. It's a vehicular combat game through the third person perspective, and it has multiplayer mode.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game released on PlayStation. The game was released in 2011 and features third person view and multiplayer mode.If you are looking for a point-and-click adventure, Telltale Games developed a third person perspective video game titled The Wolf Among Us. It is a single-player only game.The Wolf Among Us by Telltale Games is a third person point-and-click adventure game. It is made for single-player gaming only.The Wolf Among Us is a single-player, third person point-and-click adventure game developed by Telltale Games.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game that is appropriate for everyone.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game rated E.Metro 2033 is an action shooter game with a role-playing angle to it, developed by 4A Games. It can be played on Xbox or PC and is available on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Metro 2033 by 4A Games is an action role-playing shooter available on Steam. It is available on Xbox and PC, but not supported by Mac or Linux.Metro 2033 is an action role-playing shooter by 4A games for Xbox and PC only. This game is available on Steam but not for Linux or Mac.What do you find so amazing about games from 2018?It seems like 2018 is one of your favorite years for video games of all time. Why is that?What is it about the games that came out in 2018 that makes you feel they're excellent?Silent Hill 2 is a truly excellent survival horror PC game.Silent Hill 2 was a total blast to play. I think I just really, really love PC games like it.PC is the best platform because we get games like Silent Hill 2.I know that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is one of your favorite games. Do you enjoy all of Naughty Dog's games?I wanted to ask whether it's common that you deem a game from Naughty Dog simply amazing, or Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was just a special case.I know you really, really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. I'm wondering, do you feel like Naughty Dog just knows how to get every detail of their games right?Outlast II is an indie, first person adventure game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. Though it's not available on Linux, it does have a Mac release as well.Outlast II is a first person indie adventure game that was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It does not have a Linux release, but it is available for Mac users.If you're looking for a first person adventure game, check out Outlast II. It's an indie game released on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Mac. It doesn't have a Linux release, however.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter. The game is rated T (for Teen) and has no multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a action-adventure, shooter game. It sports the third person perspective and does not support multiplayer. It is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a single-player, third person shooter with action-adventure themes that is rated T (for Teen).What's a game you've played for the PlayStation that you thought was stunning?Do you know of a PlayStation game that has really stunning graphics?What stunning games are available on PlayStation?Oh, Superhot, the single-player first person game?Is the game you are talking about Superhot, the single-player game played from the first person perspective?By Superhot, do you mean the single-player game with a first person perspective?Are you speaking of the Need for Speed: The Run that came out in 2011?Are you talking about the game from 2011, Need for Speed: The Run?That's the Need for Speed: The Run that came out in 2011, right?Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Mac and Linux. It is also available on Steam.Superhot is an indie first person shooter with tactical elements that is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and runs even on Linux and Mac. You can get it on Steam.Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter game that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is also available on Steam, and for the Mac and Linux operating systems.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent, action-adventure, role-playing game played in third person perspective. It is rated M (for Mature). It can't be played multiplayer.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person, action-adventure, role-playing game that does not support multiplayer. It has an M (for Mature) rating and received excellent reviews.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent third person action-adventure role-playing game with no multiplayer, and it's rated M (for Mature).I know you mentioned that NHL 15 was just so-so. Do you feel that a bird view perspective in sports simulators just isn't all that immersive?You said you were indifferent towards NHL 15. Typically, do you feel similar to other play bird's-eye view sport simulations?Earlier you mentioned that NHL 15 was merely average. Is it common that you're not impressed by sports simulation games with a bird view perspective?Earlier you said you enjoyed Football Manager 2015. Are you generally a fan of simulation games from 2014 involving sports and strategy?You quite liked Football Manager 2015, you mentioned. Was 2014 a good year for sports strategy simulation games, you think?I was surprised when you told me you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you like other sports sim strategy title from 2014?All of my favorite games are rated M, like Silent Hill 2. I don't even bother with other games anymore.Silent Hill 2 was an amazing, game. I just love gritty M rated games like it.Silent Hill 2 is a masterpiece of a game, it takes full advantage of its M rating to evoke absolute horror.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game with poor ratings.If you like indie trivia/board games, then you will probably want to skip the poor Small World 2.Small World 2 is just one out of many examples of an indie game falling on its face. The indie trivia/board game was critically panned on release, mustering a poor rating.You mentioned that you found Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 to be an okay game. Do you in general just find third person perspective sports games to be meh?You said earlier that you thought Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was average. Are you generally unimpressed with third person sports games?If I remember right, you felt like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was just okay. Do you typically feel that third person sports games aren't really your thing?I was wondering, do you enjoy multiplayer vehicular combat games, like for instance MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Do you enjoy multiplayer sports games with vehicular combat, like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?I'm wondering, do you enjoy multiplayer vehicular combat games like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG released in 2014 that is quite average compared to other games in this genre, despite allowing first person perspective, as well as third person.A decent game to try is the MMORPG The Elder Scrolls Online, released in 2014. You can play it in first person or third person perspective.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG released on 2014. It is played in either first person or third person.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good turn-based strategy game played from a bird view perspective. It has a multiplayer mode, and is rated E (for Everyone).Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game rated E (for Everyone). The bird view strategy game offers multiplayer and has been reviewed as good.The turn-based strategy, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, has a bird view perspective and offers a multiplayer mode. It's a good game, and it was rated E (for Everyone).Driver is a third person driving/racing simulation game.That reminds me of Driver, it's also a third person driving/racing sim.Driver is a driving/racing and simulation game that has been done in the third person perspective.Do you mean the NBA 2K19 that is in the sport genre?So you're talking about the sports game NBA 2K19?Are you talking about the sports game, NBA 2K19?The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG from 2014 with average ratings.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG from 2014.The Elder Scrolls Online, released in 2014, is an average MMORPG.I'm curious, would you be interested in playing any M rated games developed by Ubisoft Montreal, such as Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?Are you a fan of M rated games from Ubisoft Montreal like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?I was wondering, do you enjoy the M rated games developed by Ubisoft Montreal, such as for example Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory?You mentioned absolutely loving BioWare's Mass Effect 2. Do you feel the same way about other action-adventure RPGs which are shooters?You said Mass Effect 2 totally ruled. Are you a huge fan of BioWare's action-adventure RPG shooters?You mentioned earlier that you loved Mass Effect 2. In general are you a fan of action-adventure games from BioWare with role-playing and shooting gameplay?So The Forest of Doom was just ok according to you. What about other games released in 2014, do you feel that way about most of them?So I know you think The Forest of Doom was an okay game but could have been a lot better. I'm curious, do you perhaps feel like 2014 was a bad year for games?The Forest of Doom was apparently nothing more than ordinary in your view. Has that been the case with other games from 2014 too?Are you familiar with Outlast II? It's this great first person indie adventure game.An indie adventure title with a first person perspective worth checking out is Outlast II. You seen that one?I know you like first person indie adventure games, have you tried Outlast II?Little Big Adventure is an average action-adventure game developed by Adeline Software International that was released in 1994.Little Big Adventure is an action-adventure game from 1994. It was made by Adeline Software international and received average ratings.Little Big Adventure was average. Adeline Software International released this action-adventure game in 1994.StarCraft is a game for the PC that was released in 1998. This game is a multiplayer real-time strategy game that is available on Mac, but not on Steam or Linux.You might find StarCraft fun. It's a multiplayer RTS from 1998 for PC. It's not available on Steam and has Mac support, but no Linux support.StarCraft is a real-time strategy with multiplayer and is available on PC. It is not available on Steam and does not have a Linux release, but it is available for Mac. It was released in 1998.Trivial Pursuit is a poorly-rated trivia/board game that was released in 2009.Trivial Pursuit is a rather poor trivia/board game that was released in 2009.Trivial Pursuit came out back in 2009 and it got mostly negative reviews. It's a board game where you answer trivia questions, and it's not very well-executed.Do you mean Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia with an E rated content that has been released on Mac?By Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, do you mean the E rated game that got a Mac release?The E rated game on Mac, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia?The real-time strategy simulator Stronghold 2 is a PC game that was released in 2005 to average reception. It has no Mac or Linux options and offers gamers a bird view perspective.Stronghold 2 is an average real-time strategy simulation game that came out in 2005 for PC only. The perspective is a bird view in the game, and there is no Linux or Mac release.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game for the PC with average ratings. It has a bird view and was released in 2005. There is no Linux or Mac release.NBA 2K16 is a good sport game with third person perspective.NBA 2K16 is a good sport game that is only in the third person.NBA 2K16 is a good third person sports game.A multiplayer strategy game made by Ensemble Studios that I enjoyed was Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you played it?Speaking of multiplayer games from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?A fun multiplayer game made by Ensemble Studios was Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Did you ever play it?I love Silent Hill 2, just like most Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo games.Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo really crushed it with Silent Hill 2, it's a truly excellent survival horror experience.Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo makes the best games. One of my favorites is Silent Hill 2.I don't like music games, though I do at least like listening to music. However, the T rating of Guitar Hero: Smash Hits meant it couldn't include my favorite songs, and even that small joy was robbed from me.Compared to the rest of the music-game genre, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was a lame T rated game.I didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits very much, I'm afraid. The music genre lives or dies based on the song variety, but the T rating meant a lot of amazing songs couldn't be included or had to be watered down.The M-rated Grand Theft Auto V is a first and third person shooter with driving and action-adventure elements. The game also features a multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure game that also has driving/racing and shooter mechanics in it. It has multiplayer and can be played in either the first person or third person perspective. It is rated M (for Mature).Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure game that includes driving/racing and shooting. It is played in both the third person and first person perspectives, and can be played with your friends. Be aware, it is rated M (for Mature).So you said that you had a good time playing Assassin's Creed II. Generally speaking, do you like playing third person action-adventure platformers?I recall you said that you liked Assassin's Creed II. Are you generally fond of third person action-adventure games featuring platforming?You said that you enjoyed Assassin's Creed II. Do you generally like to play third person action-adventure platformers?I thought Worms: Reloaded was just OK. I like side view games that I can easily get on Steam, but it didn't knock my socks off.Worms: Reloaded is an average quality side view game you can at least find on Steam.Worms: Reloaded is thoroughly middle of the road in quality. I appreciate the convenience of it being on Steam, but I just am not a fan of the side view perspective.Need for Speed: Payback a teen-rated racing game released in 2017. It can be played on multiple platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, or PC, but has no release for Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Payback is a 2017 racing game, rated T (for Teen). It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and does not have a Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Payback is a racing game that's rated T (for Teen). It was released in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with no Mac or Linux versions.What do you enjoy so much about M rated Xbox games?Why do you love M rated Xbox games so much?Why do you feel that the M rated Xbox games are some of the best games out there?Have you considered trying action-adventure third person shooter games like Max Payne?Have you played any third person action-adventure shooters, like for example Max Payne?Are you a fan of third person action-adventure shooters like Max Payne?You said that you totally dug Silent Hill 2. Is it often that you like playing third person games on the PlayStation?You said that Silent Hill 2 was totally awesome. Do you feel the same way about some other third person perspective games out on the PlayStation?I recall you saying that you really enjoyed Silent Hill 2. Are you regularly a fan of third person perspective games on PlayStation?Tin Man Games also made The Forest of Doom. Have you played that game?Have you heard of The Forest of Doom, developed by Tin Man Games?I wonder if you've heard of The Forest of Doom, developed by Tin Man Games.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is a third person MMORPG to be released on August 14, 2018 for PC.The third person MMORPG, World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, is being released on August 14, 2018, for PC only though.Keep on the lookout for the new third person MMORPG World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth. It is expected to be released on August 14, 2018, only on PC.The Room is a fantastic game. Props to Fireproof Games for porting it to Linux too.I always love playing games on Linux, and Fireproof Games is one of the best developers out there, so The Room was like a match made in heaven for me. An absolutely amazing game.I still can't believe how much I fell in love with The Room. Fireproof Games always makes such awesome games, and it having a Linux release too just made it even better from my perspective.The indie game Never Alone is an adventure platformer that was released in 2014.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer from 2014.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer that was released 2014.I think Ori and the Blind Forest is absolutely amazing. Adventure puzzle platformers are one of my favorite types of game, and the side view perspective makes it easy to play.Ori and the Blind Forest is such a great side scrolling platformer. I love how well it blends between adventure game and puzzle game, and it's just downright gorgeous.Ori and the Blind Forest is a truly wonderful game. The mixture of platforming, adventure, and puzzles is really excellent, and the side view perspective just helps all the elements come together nicely.Since you're into third person games, I bet you'd love NBA 2K16. Do you know anything about it?I know you like third person perspective games. Ever tried NBA 2K16?Speaking of third person games, have you tried NBA 2K16?Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The game involves puzzle solving and is played in third person view. Silent Hill 2 is rated M (for Mature) and has excellent reviews.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game with third person perspective. Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo developed this game that is rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure puzzle game. The game was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo and was rated M (for Mature).Little Nightmares is a good side view platformer with puzzles and adventure. You can get it on Steam, and it was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Linux, but not for Mac.Little Nightmares is a good adventure side view platformer with puzzle solving. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is supported on Linux. Although you can get it on Steam, it is not supported on Mac.Little Nightmares is a good adventure and puzzle platformer with a side view perspective. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam. It has a Linux release, but not a Mac release.Say, are you into Codemasters Southam, they made 2012's Dirt: Showdown, for example.What do you think of Codemasters Southam's games from 2012, like Dirt: Showdown? Would you consider playing one?I'm curious now, did you ever play any of the 2012 games created by Codemasters Southam, such as Dirt: Showdown?You'd like World of Warcraft, it's a good adventure MMORPG rated T (for Teen) on the PC. There's no Linux release, but there is a Mac release.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG for PC. It was released with a T (for Teen) rating. Currently, it has a Mac release, but no Linux release.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG game for PC and Mac. It's not available for Linux. The game is rated T (for Teen).What do you mostly enjoy in Kunos Simulazioni's driving simulation sports games?What is it about Kunos Simulazioni's sport racing simulators that makes you recommend them?So why is it that you enjoy the sport racing simulators developed by Kunos Simulazioni?Would you say you prefer playing games with a multiplayer mode?Would you say multiplayer is an important feature when you're deciding about trying a game?Would you tend to enjoy the multiplayer experience in recent games?Do you prefer to game with others, I mean, multiplayer?Do you like multiplayer gaming?Do you enjoy playing games in multiplayer, with other people?If you want a sport simulation game with multiplayer, try NHL 15. It gives players a bird view perspective, and is an overall average game. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15 is merely an average hockey simulation and sports game played from the bird's eye view. NHL 15 was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox and includes a multiplayer function.NHL 15 is an average sport simulation released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox only. The game can be played in multiplayer if you want, and has a bird's eye view.I've been having fun playing StarCraft lately. Blizzard Entertainment knows what they're doing, and I'm glad it's on the PC.StarCraft is pretty fun! Blizzard Entertainment's PC games tend to be good overall, in my experience.I enjoy playing games on the PC as long as the developer is one that can avoid producing bug-ridden messes. Fortunately Blizzard Entertainment is one such developer, and I ended up liking StarCraft a fair amount.BioShock is a single-player action-adventure, role-playing shooter rated M (for Mature). It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is available on Steam. It operates on Mac but not on Linux.BioShock is a role-playing, action-adventure shooter that released on multiple platforms. You can enjoy the game on PlayStation, Xbox or PC. It is also available on Steam and was released on Mac, just not on Linux. There is no multiplayer in BioShock, which might help keep the kids away as it is rated M (for mature).BioShock is an action-adventure shooter role-playing game for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There's Mac support but no Linux and no multiplayer. It's rated M (for Mature).A good hack-and-slash role-player is Diablo II. There is multiplayer available for it, as well.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with good ratings, and it also has a multiplayer option.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing game that does have a multiplayer.Is the Anthem you're talking about the one developed by BioWare for the PlayStation?Do you mean the Anthem from BioWare on PlayStation?Is that Anthem developed by BioWare that you can play on PlayStation?You may like Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos. It's a bird's eye view RTS from 2002 for the PC, but it's not available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a PC game that was released in 2002. This is a real-time strategy game that is played in bird view perspective. This game is unfortunately not available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy PC game. It was created in 2002 and offers a bird view perspective. It isn't available on Steam.Are you into T rated games from 2016, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Have you played any games rated T (for Teen) that came out in 2016, for instance, Mirror's Edge Catalyst?I'm curious if you like any games rated T (for Teen) from 2016, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure role-playing game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's available on Steam, but does not offer multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a role-playing, adventure game available on Steam. It is not available as a multiplayer game. You can play it on PlayStation, Nintendo, Xbox, and on your PC.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a role-playing adventure game that has no multiplayer. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it is available on Steam.Oh! So you're referring to the FIFA 12 sports simulation game from EA Canada?Is the FIFA 12 you're referring to the sport simulator that was created by EA Canada?Ooooh, you mean FIFA 12, that simulation sports game from EA Canada, right?What's your favorite game that you wish had a Linux release but sadly doesn't?What's your favorite game that never got released on Linux?What's your favorite game without a Linux release?Is the Anthem you're talking about the one that's a multiplayer action-adventure shooter RPG?Do you mean Anthem that is an action-adventure role-playing shooter with multiplayer?Are you talking about Anthem the multiplayer action adventure shooter RPG?Stronghold 2 is and multiplayer RTS sim from 2005. It's rated T (for Teen) and is available on the PC through Steam.A real-time strategy and simulation game that has multiplayer is Stronghold 2. It was released in 2005 and rated T (for Teen). It is only available on PC and that through Steam.Stronghold 2 is a 2005 real-time strategy and simulation game rated T (for Teen). You can play it on PC only and, of course, it is available on Steam. The game has a multiplayer mode too.I'm curious to know, what is it about third person shooting and fighting games in which you can drive that you find so entertaining?What's so special about third person shooters where you can go around driving and fighting?Now I'm wondering, why do you find third person driving/racing shooter games with fighting elements to be so fantastic?Are you talking about Diablo II from 2000?Are you talking about one of my favorite games, Diablo II, that came out in 2000?Ah, do you mean the Diablo II that came out in 2000?Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really good game, in my opinion. With both a Linux and a Mac release, anyone with a computer can play!I use Linux on my home PC and a Mac on my laptop, so Sid Meier's Civilization V has been a good game for me, since it can be played on either one.I think Sid Meier's Civilization V is pretty good. It's a game I can play on both Mac and Linux, which is very nice to have.FIFA 12 is a game I didn't hate but that I wished I liked more. It's got multiplayer, which I always enjoy, but unfortunately it was released on the Xbox, which is my least favorite platform.Although FIFA 12 on Xbox has multiplayer, in my opinion, the game is just okay.I don't really like playing games on the Xbox, but at least the multiplayer is usually good, which is why I thought FIFA 12 was an okay game.Action-adventure shooter games are fun, and Far Cry 3 was a good one that scratched my itch.Far Cry 3 was pretty fun to play. I like how it combined the action-adventure and shooter genres together.Far Cry 3 is a pretty good action-adventure shooter.Rocket League is a vehicular combat and sport game with a wide release on multiple platforms. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, with Linux, Mac, and Steam support.Rocket League is a sport game using vehicular combat. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo Switch. Via Steam, it can be purchased on PC, Linux and Mac.Rocket League is a sport vehicular combat game available on Steam. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, and Mac.Rocket League is a 2015 vehicular combat, sports game with options for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, including support for Mac and Linux.The 2015 sport and vehicular combat game Rocket League is available on many platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC with Mac and Linux support.Rocket League is a vehicular combat and sports based game released in 2015 across many platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. Rocket League even has both a Linux release and a Mac release.If you want an average quality role-playing text adventure game on PC, try The Forest of Doom. It is available for Linux and Mac, too.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game for PC only, with a Linux and Mac release too. If you enjoy such games, you might find this one pretty decent.The Forest of Doom is an average game for the PC, Linux, and Mac. It's a role-playing, text adventure game.Rated M (for Mature), Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter jam packed full of thrilling moments. Available on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and the PC platforms (through Steam), but has no Mac or Linux release in sight.If you're looking for an action-adventure shooter game, you should try Resident Evil 4. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it's available on Steam. It doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's rated M (for Mature).Resident Evil 4 is an M (for Mature) rated action-adventure shooting game that came out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Mac or Linux release yet.Do you feel non-availability on Linux and Mac are fair to the gaming community?Why is it that you tend to be particularly excited about games without either a Mac or a Linux release?Why do you think the games that have neither a Linux nor a Mac release tend to be so superior?Rocket League is a third person sports and vehicular combat game available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It has a Linux and a Mac release too.Rocket League is a third person vehicular combat sports game. It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, and Mac.Rocket League is a third person vehicular combat sports game released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, and Mac.Portal 2 is an excellent puzzle platformer and first person shooter. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and was released in 2011.Portal 2, released in 2011, is an excellent first person platformer, puzzle, and shooter game. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Portal 2 is a first person platformer with shooter and puzzle elements. It was released in 2011 and received a ESRB rating of E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). Overall, the game received excellent ratings.Do you also like Xbox games rated E (for Everyone), such as Rocket League?Do you have any experience playing E rated Xbox games, like for example Rocket League?Do you enjoy E rated Xbox games like Rocket League?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 Xbox music game released by Konami. It is rated E (for Everyone), but it has poor ratings.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3, released in 2008 from Konami, is a poorly rated music-related game for the Xbox. It has an ESRB rating of E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 music game by Konami. You can play it on Xbox. It's poorly rated by users and is rated E (for Everyone).NHL 15 is a bird view simulation sport game. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15 is a simulation sports game played from a bird view that was released in 2014 on PlayStation and Xbox.If you are interested in sports simulation games, try NHL 15 from 2014. It was released for PlayStation and Xbox and is played from a bird view.Have you played any M rated games that came out in the year 2015, like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?How do you feel about M rated games from 2015 like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Do you have any of the games rated M (for Mature) that came out in 2015 on your wish list, such as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?StarCraft is a pretty good bird view real-time strategy game. It was originally released in 1998 and has multiplayer.StarCraft is a fun real-time strategy from 1998. It has a bird view and features a multiplayer mode.StarCraft was released in 1998 as a real-time strategy played from the bird view perspective. It is a good game and even has a multiplayer mode.You said earlier that you didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Are you generally not a fan of Nintendo games rated T (for Teen)?You mentioned disliking Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is this the case for all Nintendo games rated T?You seem to dislike Guitar Hero: Smash Hits a lot. Would you say T rated games for the Nintendo tend to often disappoint you?Why do you think PlayStation had such good games in 2017?What is it about the games released for the PlayStation in 2017 that makes you enjoy them like you do?What is it about the PlayStation games that came out in 2017 that makes you enjoy them?You said earlier that you found Tom Clancy's The Division to be average. In general, are you not impressed by third person perspective games from 2016?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you prefer third person shooters from a different year than 2016?You said earlier that you felt Tom Clancy's The Division was average. Is that the case with all 2016 games played from a third person perspective?I've been enjoying playing NBA 2K16 lately. Thanks to it's E 10+ rating and multiplayer functions, I can play it with most of my family.NBA 2K16 is a good multiplayer game, and luckily for most, it's rated E 10+!I like NBA 2K16 quite a bit. Since it's multiplayer and rated E 10+, I can play it with my kids.The Wolf Among Us is another good PC game from Telltale Games.I had fun playing The Wolf Among Us. Altogether, I like playing Telltale Games on PC.I thought The Wolf Among Us was pretty good. The developer Telltale Games just knows how to make a quality PC game.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy released in 1999. The player sees the world from a bird view.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a bird view turn-based strategy game. It was released in 1999.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a bird view turn-based strategy game from 1999.You previously said Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a solid game. Would you say a multiplayer option for the PlayStation increases the likeability of games from your perspective?You said earlier that you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Do you like playing other PlayStation games with multiplayer?I know for a fact you like Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Do you like playing other PlayStation games with multiplayer modes?BioShock was released in 2007 by 2K Boston. It's a good action-adventure, role-playing, shooter game, that you play in first person. There is no multiplayer mode.BioShock is a 2007 action-adventure, role-playing, first person shooter from 2K Boston. It does not have multiplayer but has good reviews.The 2007 video game BioShock is a good role-playing action-adventure shooter by 2K Boston. It does not offer any multiplayer option however and can only be played in first person mode.What is it about the games on PlayStation that you find fun?Why do you like PlayStation games better compared to games on other platforms?What is it you like about games on PlayStation?There is this tactical strategy game that I played with my friends recently, Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released in 1998 by Pyro Studios. You play it from the bird view perspective, and it has a multiplayer mode.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was released in 1998 by Pyro Studios. It was a tactical strategy game that is played in a bird view perspective. It is a multiplayer game.In 1998 Pyro Studios released Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, a tactical strategy game that allowed you to play in multiplayer with a bird's eye perspective.Do you mean Black Hole Entertainment's Might & Magic: Heroes VI, available on Steam?Is the Might & Magic: Heroes VI you just mentioned the one developed by Black Hole Entertainment and available on Steam?Were you referring to the Might & Magic: Heroes VI that is available on Steam and developed by Black Hole Entertainment?Just to confirm, you're talking about the PC game, Ancient Cities, with the bird view perspective, right?Ancient Cities, the PC game with a bird's eye view?You must be referring to Ancient Cities, the bird's eye view game for the PC, is that right?The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a Nintendo classic from 1998. Have you played it?1998 had so many great games come out for Nintendo, like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Have you ever played it before?Wait, you haven't played The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time? Dude it's been out since 1998, I will literally lend you my copy and my Nintendo 64, you have to play it.The Room by Fireproof Games is an indie point-and-click single-player puzzle game. It has excellent ratings.Fireproof Games released an indie puzzle game, The Room. This point-and-click game has received excellent ratings, but has no multiplayer option.The Room, an excellent point-and-click puzzle game, is available from developer Fireproof Games. However excellent the ratings are, this indie title lacks multiplayer support.BioShock was an enjoyable title I'd say. PC games like it are generally my preference and I enjoyed the first person perspective.Man, I enjoyed BioShock quite a bit. It's a pretty innovative first person PC game, I'd say.I normally don't play games on the PC, but the first person perspective of BioShock was so well done that I actually thought the game was pretty good.What other RTS simulation games are there?So what other real-time strategy simulators have you played lately?What other real-time strategy simulator have you played?Oh, do you mean the PC MMORPG, The Elder Scrolls Online?You mean the PC MMORPG game The Elder Scrolls Online?Is The Elder Scrolls Online you just mentioned the PC MMORPG?What do you think about Visual Concepts' sports games like NBA 2K16?Have you played any of the sport games developed by Visual Concepts, like NBA 2K16?Have you played enough sports games by Visual Concepts, such as NBA 2K16, to form an opinion on them?A poor multiplayer driving/racing game is Need For Speed: Payback. It was released on PlayStation and Xbox. It was on PC, too, but not on Mac, nor Linux. It is rated T (for Teen).The PlayStation and Xbox game, Need for Speed: Payback, is a suitable game for teenagers, as it offers driving/racing multiplayer features. While the game is not an option for Linux or Mac users, it is available for PC despite the poor ratings.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor driving racing type game that has a T rating and featured multiplayer modes. It could be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac.Do you mean Anthem, launching February 22, 2019 and with a multiplayer mode?When you mention Anthem, are you referring to the multiplayer game that's supposed to come out on February 22, 2019?Are you talking about Anthem with multiplayer that is expected to be released on February 22, 2019?Is the Shadow of the Tomb Raider you mentioned the adventure shooter that's on the Xbox?Are you talking about Shadow of the Tomb Raider, the adventure shooter that you can play on Xbox?Are you talking about the adventure-shooter, Shadow of the Tomb Raider, the one on Xbox?Are you a fan of E rated bird view games such as Super Bomberman?So I'm curious, have you played any E rated games with a bird view perspective, like for example Super Bomberman?Do you like bird's eye view games rated E (for Everyone), such as Super Bomberman?I was surprised how bad a game made by Beenox can turn out, but Guitar Hero: Smash Hits didn't even make me want to switch on my PlayStation.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was one of the worst games I've played this year. I'm convinced that developer Beenox's PlayStation division is just a single monkey pretending to code, because every game they release for that platform is a complete mess.In my opinion Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was terrible, the very opposite of a smash hit. It's for the PlayStation which is a platform I hate and, even worse, it was made by Beenox, a really poor developer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a 2003 action-adventure shooter developed by Core Design. There is no multiplayer mode available.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released in 2003 by Core Design. It is an action-adventure shooter game, but has no multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released by Core Design in 2003. It's an action-adventure shooter game that does not offer a multiplayer mode.When it comes to third person action-adventure shooters, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a pretty famous one. Have you played it before?If you're into third person action-adventure shooters then I'd recommend Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Have you played it?And of course, one of my favorite third person action adventure shooters is Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you know of it?Have you ever heard of NBA 2K16? You can get it on Steam.Speaking of Steam games, have you got NBA 2K16 yet?Since you get most of your games on Steam, have you tried NBA 2K16?Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a fun 1999 turn-based strategy game.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a 1999 turn-based strategy game with good ratings.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game that was released in 1999 and has received overall good ratings.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 from Neversoft Entertainment is a sports game from 2001 with average ratings. It features multiplayer and has a third person perspective.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a multiplayer sport game released in 2001 by Neversoft Entertainment. It has a third person perspective and average ratings.If you're into skating games, you'll probably enjoy Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It's a game developed by Neversoft Entertainment back in 2001, but it had average reception. It's a third person sports game with multiplayer, so you can challenge your friends.Little Big Adventure was released in 1994. It's an action-adventure game with average user ratings that you play in third person.Little Big Adventure is an average action-adventure game played in the third person that was released in 1994.In the year of 1994, Little Big Adventure was released. This action-packed adventure game is played in the third person and has average ratings.If you're looking for a solid E rated game on Steam, Undertale might pique your interest. Have you ever heard of it?If you want a family friendly game that you can get for Steam, Undertale is there and has an E rating. Have you heard of it before?Undertale is E (for Everyone) and is available on Steam. Have you ever played it before?NBA 2K19 by Visual Concepts is a sport game. It is expected out on September 11, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.NBA 2k19 will be released on September 11, 2018 by developer Visual Concepts. The sport game will be available on the following platforms: PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch consoles, as well as PC.NBA 2K19 is a sport game developed by Visual Concepts. It is set to release on September 11, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.You said earlier that you were just okay with Driver. Is it the case with all PC games from 1999?So in our conversation earlier, you mentioned that you felt Driver was a completely average game. Would you say that PC games from 1999 don't have quite as much to offer nowadays?You mentioned earlier that you found Driver to be average. Generally are you not impressed with PC games from 1999?Dirt: Showdown is an average multiplayer sport racing game playable in first or third person. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Dirt: Showdown is a first and third person sport racing game with average ratings. It is a multiplayer game and rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Dirt: Showdown is a first and third person sport racing game that received average ratings from fans. The game has an E 10+ rating and offers multiplayer support.God of War is a third person, action-adventure role-playing platformer released on PlayStation in 2018. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and has excellent ratings. It has no multiplayer.Developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio in 2018, God of War is an excellent single-player third person platformer made exclusively for PlayStation. The action-adventure storyline involves role-playing as one of the dynamic characters.God of War is an excellent 2018 PlayStation game developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio. It doesn't have multiplayer. It is an action-adventure platformer with a third person perspective that even involves role-playing.BioShock is a good action-adventure, role-playing, first person shooter that came out in 2007.BioShock is a good first person shooter action-adventure role-playing game that was released in 2007.BioShock is a good action-adventure role-playing game that came out in 2007 and is a first person shooter.Are you into E10+ sports games like NBA 2K16?I have been thinking about purchasing a sports game for my child, do you think that the E 10+ game NBA 2K16 is appropriate?Do you also like sports games rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older), such as NBA 2K16?You said earlier that Little Big Adventure was merely average. Are you unimpressed in general by action-adventure games from 1994?You said earlier that you were ambivalent towards Little Big Adventure. Is it the case with all action-adventure games from 1994?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Perhaps action-adventure games from 1994 are not that fun anymore?Why do you think 2011 was such a weak year for PlayStation games?What is it about PlayStation games released in 2011 that gives you such a sour view on them?I'm curious, what is it about the PlayStation games released in 2011 that you find so distasteful?I was playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted last night, you heard of it? It's a first person driving game.A first person driving/racing game I played recently was Need for Speed: Most Wanted, are you familiar with it?I know you like other first person driving/racing games, but have you tried Need for Speed: Most Wanted?MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a really bad game. I just can't stand vehicular combat games, and the third person perspective made playing it a real headache.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was really disappointing. I had such high hopes for a third person vehicular combat game, but it seems I still must wait for a true successor to Twisted Metal.I really didn't like MotorStorm: Apocalypse. Third person vehicular combat games just don't do it for me.The Sims is a good simulation-strategy game set in bird view. It came out in 2000, and it is single-player only.The Sims is a simulation strategy game with a bird's eye view. Originally released in 2000, the game received positive reviews from players despite its lack of multiplayer.The Sims is a simulation strategy that has been around since 2000, and has good ratings. While I was disappointed that it didn't have a multiplayer mode, I enjoyed the bird view perspective.Since you're into games developed by Fuse Games, I wonder if you've tried Metroid Prime Pinball yet.If you like Fuse Games' work, I think you might like Metroid Prime Pinball. Do you know that game?I heard you say you're a fan of Fuse Games. Have you played Metroid Prime Pinball yet?If you are into sport simulation games, you should check our FIFA 12, in which you can switch between bird view and side view perspectives. It was released back in 2011 by EA Canada, got an average rating, and was rated E (for Everyone). You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC.FIFA 12 is an okay sport sim from EA Canada. It came out in 2011 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC and has an E (for Everyone) rating. The game allows you to switch from a bird view to a side view perspective, which is a nice feature.EA Canada released the sport simulation game, FIFA 12, on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's just an average game in its category, but you can switch between playing from the bird's eye view and the side view perspective. The game from 2011 is suitable for all audiences.Are you talking about EA Canada's FIFA 12 release from 2011?That's the FIFA 12 from EA Canada, released in 2011?Oh, do you mean the FIFA 12 made by EA Canada in 2011?So, do you have any experience playing arcade strategy puzzle games, like Tetris?Do you like arcade games that involve puzzles and strategy, like Tetris?Have you given strategy arcade puzzle games, like Tetris, a try?If you like action-adventure third person shooter games, then you should try the video game released in 2016 called Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. It has an excellent rating but is released only on the PlayStation.An excellent third person shooter for PlayStation is a game called Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. This action-adventure game actually came out in 2016.If you have a PlayStation, I have an action-adventure third person shooter that you cannot pass up. With its excellent rating, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a must-play-now if you haven't played it since it was released in 2016.There have been good ratings for Hazelight Studios release of the action and adventure packed A Way Out in 2018.A Way Out is a good action-adventure game that came out in 2018 by Hazelight Studios.A Way Out is an action-adventure game developed by Hazelight Studios released in 2018. The game received good reviews from players.If you like third person action-adventure role-playing platformers, then you should try the game released in 2018 by SIE Santa Monica Studio called God of War. It has an excellent rating, but unfortunately has no multiplayer.God of War is an excellent single-player action-adventure game, and it has elements of third person role-playing platformer games. The game was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and released in 2018.God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure platformer with role-playing elements. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio in 2018. Unfortunately, it has no multiplayer mode.The Room is an excellent puzzle game developed by Fireproof Games. It's an indie point-and-click game that you should definitely try.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click game with puzzles. It was developed by Fireproof Games.The Room is a great indie point-and-click puzzle game made by Fireproof Games.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click puzzle game released in 2012.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click puzzle game from 2012.The Room is a 2012 indie point-and-click puzzle game with excellent ratings.RollerCoaster Tycoon is the perfect game for a single-player session. With its players rating it well, this simulation strategy is a must-have if you own an Xbox or PC.RollerCoaster Tycoon is considered a good simulation, strategy game for Xbox and PC. It does not feature multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good single-player simulation strategy game for Xbox and PC.Superhot is an indie first person shooter with tactical elements that came out in 2016. It received decent reviews, and it's rated T (for Teen).Superhot is an average indie tactical first person shooter game from 2016. It is rated T (for Teen).Superhot is an average-rated indie first person tactical shooter. It came out in 2016 and is rated T (for Teen).The Room is a downright amazing indie game. 2012 was a great year for point-and-click puzzle games.The Room is one of the best games I've ever played. I find that 2012 is definitely my favorite year for gaming, and indie point-and-click puzzle games are really, really fun.I think The Room is excellent. 2012 was an awesome year for video games, and indie point-and-click puzzle games is my favorite type of games.I'm curious, what makes third person action-adventure shooters so special to you?So I was wondering, why are third person action-adventure shooters among your favorite games of all time?What do you enjoy so much about third person action-adventure shooters?If you don't mind me asking, why are third person action-adventure shooters some of your favorite games of all time?So why are third person action-adventure shooters your favorite type of games?Why do you love third person action-adventure shooters so much?Resident Evil 4 came out in 2005, and many hail it as the game that redefined the action-adventure shooter genre.If you are looking for an action-adventure shooter, I can recommend Resident Evil 4. It is a game from 2005.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter from 2005.Why do you find first person sport racing games to be okay but nothing spectacular?Why do you find first person sport racing games so average?I'm curious, why is it that you find first person sport racing games not very entertaining to you?Mafia is a driving/racing, fighting, shooter game out for PlayStation, Xbox, PC.Mafia was released on PC, PlayStation, and Xbox. As a game about a mob footsoldier, it was built on fighting, shooting, and driving (Sometimes in competitive races).Mafia is driving/racing, fighting, shooter game released on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.I've been wanting to play something mindless, have you played any games like that lately?Have you ever played a video game that just felt mindless?What's a nice mindless game you can think of that I could play to just unwind?I enjoy a good tactical strategy game, and Pyro Studios apparently knows how to make one, as I found Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines to be pretty fun.The other day I played Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines and it was pretty good. Pyro Studios always makes good games and I enjoy tactical strategy games like it.I was a quite fond of Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. I really enjoy a good tactical strategy focused game, and Pyro Studios did a good job overall.Rollcage is a decent action racing game with multiplayer. It was released in 1999 and is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an E-rated action racing game with multiplayer. It came out in 1999 to middle-of-the-road ratings, no pun intended.While rated E (for Everyone) by the ESRB, Rollcage isn't really for everyone, as evidenced by its middling rating. It's a multiplayer action racing game from 1999.You said you had a good time with Max Payne. Are many of your favorite games third person action-adventure shooters?I know you feel that Max Payne was a fun time, and that has me wondering something. Do you feel the same way about other third person action-adventure shooters?You said that you enjoyed Max Payne. Is this the case with all action-adventure third person shooter games?You mentioned earlier that you found Max Payne quite fun. Do you feel the same way about other action-adventure shooters on the PC?You mentioned earlier that you enjoyed Max Payne. Generally, are you a fan of action-adventure games for PC with shooting gameplay?I remember you mentioned that you liked Max Payne on the PC. Do you feel this way about the other action-adventure shooter games?Have you played any gory action-adventure RPG shooters lately?What's a really gory role playing action-adventure shooter? I'm looking for blood, you know?Do you know of any gory action-adventure shooters with role-playing elements?Half-Life 2 is a shooter game developed for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is currently available on Steam with releases for Linux and Mac.If you're looking for a shooter game available both on Mac and Linux, you should try Half-Life 2. Besides PC, it was released for PlayStation and Xbox, and for Windows it's available on Steam.Half-Life 2 is a shooter game that can be played on PC, Xbox, and PlayStation. Steam, Linux, and Mac all have the game available.2013 was the year Naughty Dog really came into their own as a masterful developer, so it's no surprise that I really love The Last of Us.Naughty Dog's The Last of Us is, as I'm sure you've heard, simply amazing, especially for a 2013 game.The Last of Us is absolutely superb! Naughty Dog had a banner year in 2013, and The Last of Us is one of the reasons why!The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game that came out in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no multiplayer function. This game is available on Steam, but not for Linux or Mac.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game that was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam. It was not released on Linux or Mac, and it does not have a multiplayer mode.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a single-player indie adventure game from 2014. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux. It is available on Steam.I was wondering, was there any game for the PlayStation that you just felt was revolting?Was there ever a PlayStation game you encountered that you felt was just revolting?What revolting games are on PlayStation anyway?Stronghold 2 is a rare misstep for Firefly Studios. While definitely not bad, the T rated game isn't really good either.For a game from Firefly Studios, Stronghold 2 is so-so. Not bad for a teen rated game.I feel that Stronghold 2 was merely average. Firefly Studios is a competent developer, but the T rating prevented the game from really exploring its setting properly.Undertale is an indie bird view adventure role-playing game. It runs on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is also on Mac and Linux.Undertale is an indie adventure RPG played in bird view. It is available on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, including releases for Linux and Mac.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game from a bird's eye view. The game was released for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, as well as Linux and Mac.Euro Truck Simulator was released in 2008 by SCS Software, but this game had poor success. If you are looking for a first person driving simulation game, you're better off looking elsewhere.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving sim played in the first person view. SCS Software developed the game in 2008.A rather poorly-rated game from 2008 is SCS Software's Euro Truck Simulator. You can only play this driving simulation game in first person.If you're looking for a Nintendo game that was specifically developed by Nintendo EAD, Super Mario World is one. Have you played it before?Since you're into Nintendo games, have you tried Super Mario World by Nintendo EAD?When I think of the Nintendo platform, the first thing that comes to mind is Nintendo EAD's Super Mario World. Have you ever played it?Since you've got a Mac, I wonder if you've tried The Forest of Doom yet?Ever heard of The Forest of Doom on Mac?If you like Mac games, you should give The Forest of Doom a try. Have you heard of it before?Are you speaking of the Horizon: Zero Dawn that got the T rating from the ESRB?Do you mean Horizon: Zero Dawn, the game that is rated T and is probably not appropriate for our little brothers to play?Oh, do you mean the T rated Horizon: Zero Dawn?Which year do you think was the best for games?Do you have a favorite release year for video games?Which year would you say was the most memorable, as far as video games are concerned?Do you remember a year in which a lot of good games were released?What was the best year for games that you can remember?What do you think was the best year for games?Which year was particularly good for video games, in your opinion?In which year do you think a lot of good games were released?What would you say was the best release year for video games in general?Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that was released in 2004 for PlayStation. It does not have multiplayer.There is an excellent tactical shooter, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, but it is a PlayStation exclusive game. The action and adventure game has no multiplayer. It was released in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is a fantastic tactical action-adventure shooter with a single-player campaign. It originally launched as a PlayStation exclusive in 2004.I was wondering, have you played any strategy action platformers with a side view perspective, like for example Worms: Reloaded?Do you also enjoy side view platformers involving both action and strategy, such as Worms: Reloaded?Do you enjoy side view action platformer strategy games like Worms: Reloaded?Why do you think 2015 was a good year for PlayStation games?What is your favorite thing about 2015 PlayStation games?Why would you say that the PlayStation's lineup of games from 2015 is pretty good?Madden NFL 15 came out in 2014 to average reviews compared to other games in its genre. It is a third person sports sim with the option of bird view perspective too, and a multiplayer mode.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game released in 2014. The game has both a bird's eye and a third person perspective while offering multiplayer support. The game received average ratings from players.If you like sport simulation games with a third person or bird view perspective, then you should try the 2014 video game called Madden NFL 15. It has an average rating and has multiplayer.You mentioned that you liked Little Nightmares on PlayStation. Do you have generally fond feelings for most games from 2017?You mentioned liking Little Nightmares a fair amount just a moment ago. Do you enjoy more of the games released for the PlayStation in 2017?Earlier you said that you enjoyed Little Nightmares. Are you generally a fan of PlayStation games from 2017?Assassin's Creed II was released in 2009, with an M rating. It's an action-adventure platformer game.Assassin's Creed II is a 2009 action-adventure platformer, and it is rated M (for Mature).Assassin's Creed II is an M-rated action-adventure platformer from 2009.Undertale, that bird view game that's available on Linux, right?Oh, you mean Undertale, right? The game on Linux with the bird's eye view?By Undertale do you mean the game with a bird view perspective that you can also get on Linux?Payday 2 is an average role-playing first person shooter that was released in 2013. It was developed by Overkill Software.Overkill Software released an average role-playing shooter called Payday 2 in 2013. The game itself is played from a first person perspective.Payday 2 came out in 2013 from Overkill Software. It's a first person shooter game with role-playing and has received average ratings.Do you enjoy role-playing action shooter games that have no multiplayer option, such as Metro 2033?What do you think about single-player action RPG shooters like Metro 2033?Are you fond of single-player action shooter RPGs, like Metro 2033?If you don't mind driving/racing games even if they're from like 2005, how about you give Need for Speed: Most Wanted a try?Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a driving/racing game loaded with nostalgia circa 2005. Have you played it before?A 2005 driving/racing game I thought was fun was Need for Speed: Most Wanted, are you familiar with it?Assetto Corsa is a good sport racing simulation game that can be played in either first person or third person. You can play the game on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Linux. It's available on Steam but does not have a Mac release.If you want a good sport racing sim, Assetto Corsa offers driving with both first and third person view. It is on Steam, PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux, but it is not on Mac.Assetto Corsa is a fun sport racing simulator for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game allows the player to switch between first person and third person perspectives. It is currently available on Steam and Linux, but not Mac.I think that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a fun game. Developer Pyro Studios knows what they're doing, and best of all, it's on the PC which is always my preference.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a surprisingly nice PC game, I really dig it. Kudos to Pyro Studios.I thought Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was good. I generally enjoy releases from Pyro Studios on PC.If you are looking for an adventure puzzle platformer on either PlayStation, Xbox, or PC, try Little Nightmares. It is available on Steam and has a Linux release. Unfortunately, it is not offered on Mac.Little Nightmares is an adventure platformer involving puzzle solving. It is available on Steam, and runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It runs on Linux, but it is not on Mac.Little Nightmares is an adventure platformer and puzzle game playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It is also available on Steam but has not been supported for release on Linux or Mac.NBA 2k16 was released by Visual Concepts. It's a sports game that features a multiplayer mode. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is also available on Steam.If you are interested in sport games that have multiplayer, try NBA 2K16 from Visual Concepts. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam.The sports game NBA 2K16 by Visual Concepts for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC offers multiplayer action and is available on Steam.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game for PlayStation, with an expected release date of September 7, 2018.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game, and it is expected out on September 7, 2018 for PlayStation.Spider-Man is an upcoming action-adventure, set to be released on September 7, 2018. It will be available only on PlayStation.2010's Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter that is available on Steam, PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Mass Effect 2 was released in 2010. It is third person action-adventure role-playing, shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is available on Steam too.Mass Effect 2, a third person action-adventure shooter RPG, came out in 2010. It's available cross-platform on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam.Battlefield V is an upcoming first person action game. The multiplayer shooter is slated for release on October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is an action first person shooter that came out October 16, 2018. You can play this game multiplayer if you choose.If you are looking for a new multiplayer first person action shooter, check out Battlefield V, which is expected to be released on October 16, 2018.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a 2014 action-adventure shooter game that requires some puzzle solving along the way. It is rated T (for Teen) and has received average ratings. You can play it with your friends in a multiplayer mode.If you like action-adventure shooter games with puzzle solving and a multiplayer mode, then you should try the 2014 video game called Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. It received average ratings and is rated T (for Teen).Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average multiplayer action-adventure shooter that incorporates puzzle solving. It's a game from 2014 with a T (for Teen) rating.One of the all time classic PC games released by MicroProse was RollerCoaster Tycoon. Do you know of it?Since you play on your PC, I wonder if you've thought about trying the MicroProse game RollerCoaster Tycoon?I think one of the most well known PC games developed by MicroProse is RollerCoaster Tycoon. Did you ever play that one?Super Mario World is an amazing side view platformer. Nintendo EAD really outdid themselves in 1990 when they made this game for the Nintendo consoles.Super Mario World is a great example of a traditional side view platformer. It came out in 1990 on Nintendo, and was developed by Nintendo EAD.Super Mario World was developed by Nintendo EAD and released in 1990 on the Nintendo consoles. It is a side view perspective platformer which received an excellent rating.Is the Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice you're referring to the PC game that's available on Steam?Oh, you're talking about the PC game on Steam, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice?Are you talking about Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice which is available on Steam for the PC?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999-released bird's eye view real-time, strategy game. It plays multiplayer, and has good ratings, and it runs on PC and PlayStation. It is not available on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good real-time strategy game from 1999 that is played in a bird view perspective and has multiplayer. This game is available for PlayStation and PC only, but is not on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999 real-time strategy game with good ratings. It has multiplayer, and gives the player a bird's eye perspective. It's available on PlayStation and PC, but is not on Steam.Though I like playing games on the Xbox, I'm not really a fan of multiplayer games, which is why I felt that Dirt: Showdown was just kind of average.I thought Dirt: Showdown was mediocre at best. It's not as good as I expect from multiplayer games for the Xbox.Dirt: Showdown would've been a terrible Xbox experience had it not been for the multiplayer, which was decently fun all things considered.I know you felt BioShock was a pretty good game. Is first person a perspective you prefer in games you play?So you liked playing BioShock, is that true for most first person games though?I know that BioShock is a game you like. Is the first person player perspective a preference of yours in the games you play?Speaking of games released in 2010, have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?Since you seem to like some other games made in 2010, have you heard about Sid Meier's Civilization V?Another good one from 2010 was Sid Meier's Civilization V. Have you ever tried it yourself?TrackMania Turbo is a multiplayer arcade racing game with good ratings. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux.TrackMania Turbo is a good arcade racing game, which you can also play in multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but there was no release for Linux or Mac.If you're looking for a good multiplayer arcade racing game, try TrackMania Turbo. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not for Linux or Mac.If I remember right, earlier you said you felt Outlast II was just average, you didn't waste your time but you weren't blown away either. Do you have similar thoughts about M rated indie adventure games in general?I remember that you found Outlast II to be average. Typically, are you unimpressed by indie adventure games rated M (for Mature)?I think I heard you say that you do not like nor dislike Outlast II that much. Do you in general feel neutral about Mature indie adventure games?One E10+ game on PC I really liked was Worms: Reloaded, have you heard of it?If you're looking for an E 10+ rated game you can play on the PC, there's always Worms: Reloaded. Have you heard of it before?Worms: Reloaded is a nice PC game for anyone 10 and older. Do you know of it?What are the genres of your favorite video games?What genre is your favorite to play?What video game genre is the best in your opinion?What genre of game is your preference?Which genre do you believe is your favorite?What kind of genres do you like the most?Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulator that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This 2014 game is available on Steam and has a Linux release but no Mac release.Hey, maybe look into Assetto Corsa. It's a 2014 sport racing simulator for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam and has Linux support, but no Mac support.If you are looking for a new driving/racing simulation sport game, Assetto Corsa is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was released in 2014 and is available on Steam. There is a Linux release, but not Mac.What is it about the PlayStation's multiplayer games that makes you say they are decent but nothing to get too excited for?Why do you think that the PlayStation's lineup of multiplayer games is not quite worth your time and money?What do you think makes multiplayer PlayStation games mediocre?I thought that Stronghold 2 was okay because it was released for PC, but I wish they had released a Linux version.I found Stronghold 2 a little lacking, as far as PC games go. It also lacks a Linux release, which, all things considered, bums me out a bit.Stronghold 2 is not quite the game for me, since it wasn't released for Linux. It is probably fun to play for other PC users though.Football Manager 2015, by Sports Interactive, is a multiplayer strategy and sport simulation game released in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a strategic sport simulation game with a multiplayer mode. It was developed by Sports Interactive in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a strategy and sport simulation game that was developed by Sports Interactive and released in 2014. It has multiplayer.You said that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is it common for you to dislike music multiplayer games?You mentioned that you didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Do you hate most music games with multiplayer?I remember you don't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Do you think making it a single-player only game would have been a better idea for this type of a music game?There's also The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (rated E) from 1998. This single-player game was made by Nintendo EAD and is an excellent rated action-adventure puzzle RPG. It's views are bird and third.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent single-player action-adventure, puzzle, and role-playing game developed by Nintendo EAD. Released in 1998, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time supports both third person and bird view perspectives, and received a rating of E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure, puzzle RPG by Nintendo EAD, released in 1998 with an E rating (for everyone). It can be played from third person view or bird's eye view. It does not have a multiplayer mode.What do you think of games by Maxis from 2000, such as the game called The Sims?Do you like Maxis' games from 2000 like The Sims?Have you ever played any of the games Maxis released in 2000, like for instance The Sims?Quantum Break is an OK game from an okay developer, Remedy Entertainment.I've never played a game from Remedy Entertainment that I really loved. Take Quantum Break, for example, it's decent but not great.Quantum Break is a surprisingly mediocre entry from Remedy Entertainment.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter. It was developed by Sledgehammer Games and released in 2014.In 2014 Sledgehammer Games released Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. It's the quintessential action FPS.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare by Sledgehammer Games is a 2014 first person action shooter.You said that Crysis was a good game a moment ago. Do you feel similarly about the rest of the action-adventure shooters developed by Crytek Frankfurt?You said that you liked Crysis. Do you commonly like to play action-adventure shooters from Crytek Frankfurt?You mentioned that you liked Crysis. Are you generally into action-adventure games with shooting from Crytek Frankfurt?What do you think is the worst looking video game that you know of?What's the worst looking game you've played recently?What is the worst looking video game you ever encountered?You said earlier that you thought Need for Speed: The Run was just average. Are you commonly unimpressed by Xbox games from 2011?I know that you don't hate Need for Speed: The Run, but don't particularly like it all that much either. Do you remember if there are some Xbox games from 2011 that were any better at all?I rememver you felt ambivalent towards Need for Speed: The Run on Xbox. Do you feel generally the same about other 2011 titles?So I'm wondering what you find fun about PC games made particularly by Blizzard North.What would you say Blizzard North makes differently that makes you like their PC games?What is it about the PC games developed by Blizzard North that makes you find them fun?Ori and the Blind Forest is amazing, such a strong Xbox title. And another entry in the field of amazing side view games.I love to play side scrolling games on Xbox and with Ori and the Blind Forest I just hit the jackpot.I've found that Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent game. I love side view perspective games like it, and the fact that it's on Xbox means it runs on good hardware that I can play.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game that was released in 2014 by developer The Astronauts. It's available for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is available for download on Steam. However, it's not supported on Linux or Mac.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an adventure indie game that was released in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC by the developer The Astronauts. It is available for purchase and download on Steam, but it is not supported on Linux and Mac.If you like indie adventure games, then you should try the 2014 video game created by the Astronauts called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam, but it unfortunately has no support for Linux and Mac.You said earlier that you found Euro Truck Simulator to not be very enjoyable. Do you dislike games developed by SCS Software on Steam, in general?You said you disliked Euro Truck Simulator. Do you tend to dislike games by SCS Software sold through Steam?Previously you told me that you did not like Euro Truck Simulator. Are you disappointed with SCS Software's overall selection of games on Steam?Do you know of any short indie adventure games?Have you played any indie adventure games that were short to play through?Do you know any short indie adventure games I could pick up?Portal 2 is a combination of platformer, puzzle game, and shooter, all from a first person perspective. It's weird to think it came out all the way back in 2011 now.It's hard to believe Portal 2 came out all the way back in 2011. It really redefined the first person platforming puzzle shooter genre.Portal 2 is a puzzle-platforming shooter game with a first person perspective released in 2011. It was developed for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy for PC only, and is not available on Steam.The PC only simulation strategy, Transport Tycoon, is unfortunately not available on Steam.Transport Tycoon is a simulation-strategy game for PC only. It is not available on Steam.Do you mean the Layers of Fear game that the Bloober Team released back in 2015?Oh, you mean Layers of Fear, right? The one from Bloober Team made in 2015?Do you mean the Layers of Fear that Bloober Team made and released in 2015?Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulator.Bus Driver is a poorly-rated indie driving sim.Bus Driver is a poor game by any standard, but maybe fans of indie driving simulation games will like it.Can you recommend an in-depth sports game?Are there any in-depth sports games that you've played lately?Is there any sport game you played that you felt was really in-depth?Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter that released in 2010. It received excellent reviews despite its lack of multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 is an excellent game released in 2010. It is an action-adventure, role-playing shooter game, played in the third person. It cannot be played multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 was an amazing game that combined action and adventure, RPG, and shooting elements to the delight of fans and critics in 2010. The game is limited to a third person perspective, and unfortunately there is no multiplayer function.You mentioned that Rollcage wasn't bad but was also kind of mediocre. Would you say that applies to the rest of Attention To Detail's lineup of PC games too?You mentioned you thought Rollcage was merely average. Are you generally not impressed by PC games from Attention To Detail?You seem to be ambivalent towards Attention To Detail's PC games like Rollcage, is that generally true?Ubisoft Massive released the first person shooter game, Far Cry 3, in 2012. The game is packed with action and adventure, and thus rated M (for Mature).The first person action-adventure shooter Far Cry 3 was developed by Ubisoft Massive for mature players and released in 2012.Far Cry 3 by Ubisoft Massive is a first person action-adventure shooter. It came out in 2012, and it is rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 was an excellent first person shooter game by Valve Corporation. It didn't have multiplayer though.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter by Valve Corporation that cannot be played multiplayer.Half-Life 2 is a shooter game by the developer Valve Corporation, It sports the first person perspective though it doesn't have multiplayer. It received excellent ratings.Are you talking about Loki Software's multiplayer game, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia?Is the Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia you mentioned the one with multiplayer that was developed by Loki Software?Are you talking about Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia developed by Loki Software that has multiplayer?Since you like playing multiplayer games rated E (for Everyone), have you ever tried Super Mario World?For E rated games with a multiplayer option, Super Mario World is a good choice. Have you played it?If you're looking for a multiplayer game with a content your whole family can get on board with, you should try Super Mario World. Have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of Capcom Production Studio 4 games developed for the Nintendo, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Capcom Production Studio 4 put out Resident Evil 4 on Nintendo. I liked it but wasn't sure if you had played it or not. Have you?While we're on the subject of games that Capcom Production Studio 4 made for Nintendo, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?I think Super Mario World is totally awesome. I am a huge fan of multiplayer Nintendo games, and I cannot remember playing any as good as this one.The only thing better than a Nintendo game is a Nintendo game I can play with others, and that's why Super Mario World is so amazing.Super Mario World is a really amazing game. I love games for the Nintendo like it, and the fact that it has multiplayer just makes it even better.What do you think it is about the PlayStation games developed by Tarsier Studios that makes them fun to play?So what is it about Tarsier Studios' PlayStation lineup of games that makes you enjoy them?Why do you think you like Tarsier Studios' PlayStation games?Earlier you mentioned that you felt Transport Tycoon was mediocre. Do you feel the same way about all games that lack a Mac release?Do you usually find games without a Mac release inadequate, or just Transport Tycoon?I've heard you're nonplussed about Transport Tycoon. Is this the case for all games that don't have a Mac release?Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The sport game is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Linux or Mac. It is not available on Steam.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. I just wonder, could that have to do with the combination of the real-time strategy simulation and the bird's eye view perspective?You seem to be lukewarm on RTS and simulation games, like Stronghold 2. Is this the case for most bird view games?I remember you saying that you found Stronghold 2 to be average. Is this feeling shared with other real-time strategy and simulation games that have a bird view perspectives?Why do you think Grimlore Games made such poor games in 2017?What is it about the games Grimlore Games released in 2017 that makes you say they're terrible?Why do you really not like video games released in 2017 by Grimlore Games?Payday 2 is a multiplayer FPS with role-playing elements.Payday 2 might be the game you're looking for if you're interested in a role-playing and first person shooter style game with multiplayer capabilities.Payday 2 is a role-playing, first person shooter that can be played in multiplayer with your friends.What other game developed by Neversoft Entertainment have you played?So have you played any other games from Neversoft Entertainment lately?What other games does Neversoft Entertainment make?Have you ever played a video game that was nice and calming?What was the most calming game you got to play?Can you think of any calming video games?A good action-adventure shooter game for mature audiences is Max Payne. It was released in 2001 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and was developed by Remedy Entertainment.Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter that came out in 2001. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Its mature themes earned it an M (for Mature) rating.Max Payne was developed by Remedy Entertainment. It was released in 2001 with an M (for Mature) rating. It's a good action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.What's an elaborate platformer I could play?What platformer game do you think has the most elaborate design?Are you aware of any platformers that are particularly elaborate?Life is Strange is a role-playing game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam, and has a Linux and Mac release as well.Life is Strange is a role-playing game that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, and also has a Linux and Mac release.Life is Strange is a good RPG available on PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, Mac, and PC through Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-packed adventure game with some fighting, released by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst by EA Digital Illusions CE is an action-adventure, fighting game.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game by EA Digital Illusions CE.Need for Speed: Shift was an OK release for the PlayStation. I am indifferent about games rated E.Need for Speed: Shift was okay in my view. I'm happy it's on PlayStation since that's my favorite console, but I think the E rating really held the game back in terms of story and content.I only sort of liked Need for Speed: Shift. I picked it up when I first got my PlayStation because I figured a nice E rated game would have general appeal, but honestly it didn't leave much impact on me.Are you talking about Mafia, the mixed driving, fighting and shooter game that is played from the third person perspective?By Mafia, do you mean the third person game that combined the driving, fighting, and shooter genres?Oh, you mean Mafia the third person driving fighting shooter, correct?Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing, third person shooter. Though it has no multiplayer mode, it has excellent ratings. It came out in 2010 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and is available on Steam.Mass Effect 2 is an excellent single-player action-adventure game developed for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2010. The third person shooter incorporates role-playing elements and is currently available on Steam.Mass Effect 2 was released in 2010. It's an excellent third person, role-playing shooter game with action-adventure elements. No multiplayer mode is available. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is a good arcade racing game. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and it is on Steam. It is not released on Linux or Mac.If you like arcade driving/racing games, try out TrackMania Turbo. It has received good ratings and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can find it on Steam, but there is no Linux or Mac release.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade racing game with good ratings. It is available on Steam. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not released for Mac or Linux.A good action-adventure RPG for the Xbox is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you ever played it?You know, thinking of action-adventure RPGs for the Xbox, I just remembered one you might be interested in. Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Since you seem to be a fan of action-adventure RPGs on the Xbox platform, I thought you might like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt too. Have you heard about the game?You said you did not really like Skyforge. Is that the case for other games released in 2015 too?If I remember right, you thought Skyforge was a pretty bad game. Was it just the fact that it was from 2015?So Skyforge was a game you would never play again. Is that the case with most other games from 2015?I'm not a big fan of games by Grimlore Games on Steam. SpellForce 3, for example, was a plain torture to play through.SpellForce 3 was a rare misstep from Grimlore Games. I grabbed it as soon as it hit Steam, but man, not a fan.SpellForce 3 is a really bad game in my opinion. The developer Grimlore Games is a bunch of no-talent hacks, and it being on Steam means I have to deal with that mess as well.Since you like Nintendo games, I wonder if you've ever played Metroid Prime Pinball.Sicne you have a Nintendo, have you played Metroid Prime Pinball?And speaking of Nintendo games, have you heard of Metroid Prime Pinball?Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice defies expectations of indie adventure games. It's an amazing third person hack-and-slash game, you'll love it. You can get it on PC through Steam, PlayStation, or Xbox.One of my favorite indie, hack-and-slash adventures with a third person perspective is Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. It is an excellent game. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC, and is available on Steam.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent third person hack-and-slash adventure game. This indie title is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, that is also on Steam.I know Crytek Frankfurt has made a few different first person games, like Crysis for example. Have you played it before?I know you like Crytek Frankfurt's first person perspective games, but have you played Crysis?I know you like Crytek Frankfurt games, especially their first person games. Have you ever tried Crysis?Do you know of a classic game developed by Nintendo EAD?Do you know of any games developed by Nintendo EAD that you would consider to be a classic?Do you know any classic games I should play from Nintendo EAD?You said earlier that you didn't like Need for Speed: Payback. Are you usually not fond of driving/racing games rated T (for Teen)?I remember you don't like Need for Speed: Payback. Do you think it was because it was rated T (for Teen), or do you generally dislike driving and racing games?I remember that you said that you did not enjoy playing Need for Speed: Payback. Do you also dislike all racing or driving games that are rated T (for Teen)?Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game. It was released on PC, Linux, and Mac. It was rated as poor by the users.Small World 2 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game. It is available for PC, and it also is available on Mac and Linux platforms.Small World 2 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game released for PC. It also has releases for both Linux and Mac.Assassin's Creed II is an action-adventure platformer that was released by Ubisoft Montreal. It is played in the third person.Assassin's Creed II was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and is a third person action-adventure platformer.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer developed by Ubisoft Montreal.Is there a game that makes you feel nostalgic?What would you say is the most nostalgic game you know of?What game would be a nostalgic one for you?Since you like games by CD Projekt RED, I'm wondering if you've played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.Ever heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt by CD Projekt RED?The best game I know developed by CD Projekt RED is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you ever played it?Is that the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness with a teen content rating that has a Mac release?Is the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness you're talking about the one that's got a T rating and a Mac release?Do you mean Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, the T rated Mac game?Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie, adventure, hack-and-slash game that's available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. You can also get it from Steam, but it does not have Linux or Mac releases.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie hack-and-slash adventure game available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not on Linux or Mac.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie adventure, hack-and-slash game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available for Steam, however, it is not out for Linux or even Mac.An average quality sport simulation driving/racing game is F1 2014. It gives players a first or third person perspective. It was released in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam.F1 2014 is an average sport racing sim with both first and third person perspectives. Released in 2014, you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available through Steam.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport racing simulator with first and third person perspectives. It was released onto PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. It has average reviews.Do you love to play games on the PlayStation in general, or was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End one of a kind?You like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End a lot, I remember. Would you have even touched it though if it wasn't on the PlayStation?You told me Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was awesome. Does that go for a lot of other games out on PlayStation?If you are looking for a sports game with good ratings, you should check out NBA 2K16.\NBA 2K16 is a good sports game.NBA 2K16 is a good sports game.Speaking of Sledgehammer Games' titles from 2014, have you played Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Speaking of 2014 releases from Sledgehammer Games, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Speaking of games by Sledgehammer Games, have you tried the 2014 game Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?I think Trivial Pursuit is simply awful. I detest Nintendo multiplayer games.I'm not at all a fan of Nintendo multiplayer games like Trivial Pursuit.Trivial Pursuit was a very disappointing multiplayer game. I wish I liked it more, but what can you do, there are better games to play on my Nintendo anyway.What makes you think that first person driving sim games aren't very good?What is it about first person driving/racing simulators that makes you feel they can barely entertain you?Why do you find first person driving/racing simulators to be just okay?Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game that came out in 2009. It was developed by Beenox for PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo and though it has multiplayer support, it has received some low ratings.The 2009 music genre video game, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits developed by Beenox received poor ratings. The first person PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo title does however offer multiplayer features.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a music game that came out in 2009 by Beenox, but has a poor rating. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. Guitar Hero has multiplayer functionality and is in the first person.Since you mentioned that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was okay, is it safe to assume you play other multiplayer sports games?You said you were not that fond of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. In general, do you like to play multiplayer sports games?I know you didn't hate Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, but didn't love it either. Do you feel kinda the same way about other sports games with multiplayer?Metroid Prime Pinball was developed by Fuse Games, and was released in 2005. It's an average pinball, puzzle game for the Nintendo. There is a multiplayer mode.Metroid Prime Pinball by Fuse Games is an average-rated multiplayer pinball, puzzle game for Nintendo. It came out in 2005.Metroid Prime Pinball was released by Fuse Games for Nintendo consoles in 2005, and features a puzzle pinball gameplay. It received only average reviews, but it has a multiplayer mode.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was developed by Evolution Studios, and was released in 2011 with a rating of T (for Teen). It's a poor third person vehicular combat game for PlayStation.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poorly reviewed 2011 game. It is a third person vehicular combat game that was made for PlayStation. It was developed by Evolution Studios and was rated T.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poor vehicular combat game that came out in 2011 by Evolution Studios. This third person game is rated T (for Teen) and is available on PlayStation only.What's a first person video game that you feel was exhilarating?I'm looking for a game from a first person perspective that is really exhilarating, is there one you would recommend to me?Man, I love an exhilarating game. Do you know any first person games like that?I'm looking for an addictive game with multiplayer, is there one you would recommend?Have you ever encountered a multiplayer game that was truly addictive?Man, I just love addictive games, especially multiplayer ones. Do you have any good suggestions?I know Visual Concepts is one of your favorite developers. Have you tried NBA 2K16 yet?If you're a fan of Visual Concepts, you gotta try out NBA 2K16. Have you played it, by any chance?Ever tried NBA 2K16 developed by Visual Concepts?Rollcage will have you racing through an action narrative in the third person.Maybe try Rollcage, it's an action third person racing game.For a third person action racing game, you might want to give Rollcage a shot.The action and strategy game, Super Bomberman, was released in 1993 with a bird view and has no multiplayer. This game has received average ratings.Super Bomberman is a 1993 bird view action and strategy game. It is for single-player gaming only and has average ratings.If you enjoy action-strategy games, try Super Bomberman. The game was released in 1993 and has received average ratings. It plays out from a bird view perspective, but has no multiplayer support.Are you talking about the Shadow of the Tomb Raider that was created by Eidos Montral and has a third person perspective?Is that the Shadow of the Tomb Raider developed by Eidos Montral, with a third person perspective?Do you mean Eidos Montral's third person masterpiece, Shadow of the Tomb Raider?The excellent 2016 release of the action-adventure and shooter game Uncharted 4: A Thief's End features a multiplayer mode that is ideal for teenagers. The third person title is only available on PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure shooter for PlayStation only. The game came out in 2016 and is rated T (for Teen). You can play this third person game in multiplayer if you want.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an awesome action-adventure third person shooter game for the PlayStation that came out in 2016. It features multiplayer and is rated T (for Teen).What's the first video game you ever played?What was the first game you played this year?What's the first game you ever played?I was wondering, do you enjoy playing E 10+ rated strategy action platformers, like for instance Worms: Reloaded?Do you also like action-strategy platformers rated E 10+, such as Worms: Reloaded?Do you enjoy E10+ action platformer strategy games like Worms: Reloaded?Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game that can be played either in bird view or third person view.The excellent Final Fantasy VII is a third person role-playing adventure game that also allows you to switch to a bird view perspective.Final Fantasy VII is a bird view and third person adventure role-playing game. It has excellent ratings.If you like indie adventure platformers with a side view, you may be interested in Never Alone.One of the indie games I have played is Never Alone, an adventure side view platformer.Let's play Never Alone, it's an indie adventure-platformer with a side view perspective.I remember that you liked Life is Strange. Would you say Dontnod Entertainment's games are worth a try when they have the M (for Mature) label?Previously you told me that you like Life is Strange developed by Dontnod Entertainment, is that the case with all M- rated videogames?You previously said you enjoyed Life is Strange. Are you generally fond of games rated M (for Mature) by Dontnod Entertainment?The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good role-playing adventure game that offers both first person and third person perspectives. Enjoy on platforms like PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC or download via Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good first and third person role-playing adventure game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it is available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure and role-playing game playable in first person or third person. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, and it's available on Steam.What's the shortest role-playing text adventure game you know of?What's the shortest RPG text adventure you know of? I'm looking for something quick.What's the shortest role-playing text adventure game that you've played?The Last of Us is a 2013 action-adventure third person shooter. You can play alone or multiplayer, and it has excellent ratings.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure game with shooter elements from 2013. The game is limited to a third person perspective, but it has multiplayer so you can play with your friends.The Last of Us is a great multiplayer third person shooter game with a lot of action and adventure. It was released in 2013.I do like Rocket League. I have always been fond of the 2015 crop of sport vehicular combat games.Rocket League is quite a unique game. It came out in 2015 and somehow combined sports with vehicle combat!I normally find vehicular combat sports games to be so-so at best, but 2015 was a surprisingly strong year for gaming and I actually thought Rocket League had something to it.Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft is a good game featuring a surprisingly immersive bird's eye view.I think StarCraft is pretty good. Blizzard Entertainment is a talented developer and the bird view perspective makes it convenient to play.StarCraft is an entertaining game released by Blizzard Entertainment. The bird's eye view in the game helps you keep an eye on everything in the game.NBA 2K19 is a sports game by Visual Concepts, and it is expected to be released on September 11, 2018.NBA 2K19 is a sports game developed by Visual Concepts, expected to be released on September 11, 2018.NBA 2K19 is a sports game that will be released on September 11, 2018 by the developer Visual Concepts.Undertale's developer tobyfox developed an indie single-player game that will satisfy fans of the adventure role-playing genre.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game by tobyfox. There is no multiplayer mode in the game.Undertale is an indie game by tobyfox which combines the genres of adventure and role-play. It has no multiplayer options.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game that offers a first person and a third person view. The game is currently available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam, currently it is not available on Linux or Mac. The reviews for this game are average.Need for Speed: Shift is an okay racing sim. You can play in third or first person, and you can get it on Steam for PC, or play it on PlayStation or Xbox. There is no Mac or Linux release.Need for Speed: Shift is an okay racing simulator. With either first person or third person view, you can enjoy driving on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. Although you will find it on Steam, there is no Mac or Linux release.Ori and the Blind Forest from Moon Studios came out in 2015. It has no multiplayer, but is a side view adventure puzzle platformer on Xbox and PC through Steam.Moon Studios came out with a side view puzzle, adventure, platformer game called Ori and the Blind Forest in 2015. You will have to play alone because it doesn't have multiplayer mode but it can be played on Xbox, and PC. You can even find it on Steam.Ori and the Blind forest was released by Moon Studios in 2015 on Xbox and PC via Steam. The single-player game blends together adventure, platforming and puzzles, and you play from a side view perspective.Why do you think that M rated driving/racing games with fighting and shooter elements are so amazing?What do you find so fun about M rated shooters that involve driving and fighting?What is that you just love about M rated shooters in which you can drive and fight?Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy game from 2011. It is available for PC, but not available for Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released for the PC in 2011, but not for Linux or Mac. It's a role-playing turn-based strategy game.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released in 2011. It is a role-playing, turn-based strategy game that is available on PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Are you familiar with any of the games developed by 2K Boston, such as BioShock?Do you like games developed by 2K Boston, like BioShock?Do you like any games from 2K Boston, games like BioShock?I was wondering if you would recommend the sport vehicular combat game, Rocket League, even though its rated E?Have you played any vehicular combat sports games that are rated E (for Everyone), just like Rocket League?Do you enjoy E rated sports games with vehicle combat like Rocket League?Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game.Little Big Adventure is a third person action game loaded with tons of adventure.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India by Climax Studios is a side view action-adventure, platformer. This single-player game from 2016 has poor ratings.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer with a side view by Climax Studios. It was released in 2016. The game has no multiplayer mode.For a single-player, side view action-adventure platformer, try Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Released in 2016 by Climax Studios, it has received poor reviews.What is it about Square's third person perspective games that you find so amazing?What is it about third person games from Square that you love?Why do you feel that the third person games made by Square are excellent?You said earlier that you disliked Skyforge. Are you generally not fond of PC games from Allods Online?I heard that you said you dislike Skyforge by Allods Online. Does it mean that you dislike each game that is publish by this developer on PC?So you said Skyforge was a giant disappointment to you. Do you think that the rest of Allods Online's PC games are poor quality too?Trivial Pursuit was released in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo by the developer Electronic Arts. It is a poorly rated multiplayer trivia/board game.Trivial Pursuit is a poor 2009 trivia/board game developed by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation and Nintendo. It has multiplayer.Electronic Arts released a multiplayer trivia/board game, Trivial Pursuit in 2009. It was available for the PlayStation and Nintendo consoles only and received a poor rating.NBA 2k16 was released in 2015 with good reviews. The sport game is available on PlayStation and Xbox consoles, and on PC through the Steam store. This game also has a multiplayer mode available.NBA 2K16 is a good sport game for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It was released in 2015 and is available on Steam. The game features a multiplayer mode.NBA 2K16 was released in 2015. It is a good sports game, that includes a multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and you can also get it for Steam.I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Do you feel like the T rating makes action-adventure games less fun than what they could be?You mentioned that you felt that Little Big Adventure was mediocre. Do you think the same way about all T rated action-adventure games?Previously you said you thought Little Big Adventure was average. In general are you not that impressed with action-adventure games rated T (for Teen)?You said you liked Assassin's Creed II a moment ago. Do you think Ubisoft Montreal is a solid developer for the PlayStation platform?It's cool that you liked Assassin's Creed II, do you feel the same about other PlayStation games created by Ubisoft Montreal?Since you enjoyed playing Assassin's Creed II, are you into other PlayStation games by Ubisoft Montreal?Quantum Break is an adventure shooter game that was released in 2016. It was rated M (for Mature).Quantum Break is an adventure shooter that was released in the year 2016, and is rated M (for Mature).Quantum Break is a 2016 adventure shooter that was rated M (for Mature).Are you a fan of M rated PC games like Silent Hill 2?Do you enjoy M rated PC games, like for example Silent Hill 2?Do you enjoy M rated PC games, like Silent Hill 2?BioShock is an action-adventure shooter with some role-playing to it. The developers, 2K Boston, did not equip it with a multiplayer mode, but it can still be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can play it on Mac, but there is no Linux release.BioShock by 2K Boston is an action-adventure shooter-RPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There's no Linux release or multiplayer, but there is Mac support.Developed by 2K Boston, BioShock is a single-player shooter game that will have you role-playing through a well constructed action-adventure narrative. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Mac and PC, but is not available for Linux.Mass Effect 2 was a great start to 2010, getting excellent reviews for its smooth mix of shooting, role-playing, action and adventure. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC (via Steam), though sadly not on Linux or Mac.Mass Effect 2 came out in 2010 and is an excellent role-playing shooter. The action-adventure game is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Linux or Mac, but is on Steam.Mass Effect 2, released in 2010, is a favorite with a an excellent consumer rating. This action-adventure role-playing shooter is available on Steam, as well as for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no Linux or Mac release.Do you mean Worms: Reloaded, the PC game released back in 2010?I presume you're talking about the 2010 PC game Worms: Reloaded?Is that Worms: Reloaded, the 2010 PC game?Do you like bird view single-player games like Super Bomberman?What is your opinion on bird's eye view games that have no multiplayer option, such as Super Bomberman? Any of them good?Have you ever played any single-player games that featured a bird view perspective, like Super Bomberman?SpellForce 3 is poorly-rated real-time strategy, role-playing game in bird view. It has multiplayer mode.SpellForce 3 is a bird view role-playing real-time strategy game. It has a poor rating, but has multiplayer.SpellForce 3 is a poorly reviewed game. It is a role-playing real-time strategy game played from a bird's eye view. It has multiplayer in it.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a 1998 tactical strategy game with a bird view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy that came out in 1998. It plays out from a bird view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game played with a bird view. It was released in 1998.I wasn't that into FIFA 12. Xbox had a weak year in 2011, in my opinion.FIFA 12 is only okay, I think, compared to the other Xbox games from 2011.FIFA 12 isn't that bad, I guess. I typically enjoy Xbox games, but 2011 was a pretty average year for video games.Why do you find PlayStation games so average?So what is it about PlayStation games that causes you to find them so average?So hey, why is it that you find games on the PlayStation to be so thoroughly average?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game developed by Konami. It has an E (for Everyone) rating and received poor ratings from players. The game is available for Xbox.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3, developed by Konami, is a music game available exclusively on Xbox, with an overall poor rating. It is appropriate for all age groups.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poorly rated music game. It is rated E (for Everyone). It was made by Konami and runs on Xbox only.A first person game released back in 2011 that I enjoyed was Portal 2. Have you played it before?A 2011 first person game that I enjoyed was Portal 2. Have you played it?2011 was a great year for first person games, with some of my all time favorites, like Portal 2, released. Are you familiar with it?Since you're fond of games on Steam, have you heard of The Forest of Doom?You seem to have a bunch of Steam games. Have you tried The Forest of Doom?Knowing you have Steam, I wonder, have you ever tried The Forest of Doom?I'm looking for a relaxing game for the PlayStation, do you know of any?Are there any games you like to play on PlayStation that are relaxing?I'm looking for a relaxing game for the PlayStation, is there any game like that you know about?I think Need for Speed: Shift was an okay game, but it's not gonna be one of my favorites. It's just that first person driving/racing simulators are, for me, a type of game I always find to be merely okay.Meh, Need for Speed: Shift was alright. It's another first person driving/racing game, you know? It doesn't do much wrong, nor does it stand out from the crowd as far as simulation games go.Need for Speed: Shift was a mediocre racing simulation, but I enjoy playing first person driving games.An excellent action-adventure puzzle game is Silent Hill 2 from 2001.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game from 2001.Silent Hill 2 is a great action-adventure puzzle game released in 2001.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a 2005 action-tactical multiplayer game, and it is set in first and third person.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game that came out in 2005. This game can be played from either the first person or third person perspective, and you can play multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game that was released in 2005. It has multiplayer capabilities and is played in first and third person perspective.Layers of Fear, the first person PlayStation game?Are you talking about Layers of Fear, the first person perspective game for PlayStation?Are you speaking of the first person Layers of Fear game that was released for the PlayStation?Bus Driver by SCS Software is a poorly rated single-player indie driving simulator that came out in 2014.In 2014, SCS Software released an indie driving simulation game, called Bus Driver. This game has no multiplayer and received rather negative ratings.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulation game by SCS Software from 2014. It does not even feature multiplayer.If you like multiplayer, third person vehicular combat, give MotorStorm: Apocalypse a try. It was released in 2011 on PlayStation. Rated T (for Teen), the game has generally low likeability.MotorStorm: Apocalypse, released in 2011 for PlayStation, is a poorly rated vehicular combat game played in third person. It is a multiplayer game rated T (for Teen).MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a PlayStation exclusive, vehicular combat game for teens that came out in 2011. It is played in third person, and you can play alone or multiplayer with friends. Its rating is pretty low, but it might be worth trying.TrackMania Turbo from 2016 is played in the third and first person view. It's an arcade racing game.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade driving/racing game that is both first person and third person. It was released in 2016.TrackMania Turbo is a 2016 arcade racing game in which you can switch between first and third person view.You said that NHL 15 was in your view merely average. Do you have a similar opinion on the rest of EA Canada's games for the PlayStation?You said earlier that NHL 15 was simply average. Are you usually unimpressed with PlayStation games from EA Canada?You didn't seem to be all that impressed with NHL 15. Does that go for other titles by EA Canada on PlayStation as well?Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter released for PlayStation and PC. The single-player game was released in 2003. The game does have a Mac release, but does not offer a release for Linux.If you're into third person shooters, you might like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. It came out in 2003, and it does not have multiplayer, but it is full of action and adventure. You can grab it on PlayStation and PC, and it even has a Mac version, but unfortunately there's no Linux release.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness from 2003 is an action-adventure third person shooter without multiplayer. It is on PlayStation and PC. No Linux, but there is Mac support.Oh man, Quantum Break could have been so much better for a 2016 game, but instead it ended up being no more than a forgettable one like most of them.Man, 2016 was such a good year for games, but Quantum Break was just middle-of-the-road.Quantum Break, like all 2016 games, was just thoroughly average.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a decent action-adventure fighting game by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an average action-adventure fighting game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighting game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE. It received average ratings among fans.You said that you thought The Vanishing of Ethan Carter by The Astronauts was just average. Is this the same for all indie adventure games?So you said you felt that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter wasn't a game you hated, but wasn't really a game you loved either, very much middle of the road. Do you feel that way about other indie adventure games developed by The Astronauts?Earlier you mentioned that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. Is it normal that you are unimpressed by indie adventure games from The Astronauts?What makes you feel that vehicular combat games on the PlayStation are so boring?How is it that you don't enjoy vehicular combat games on the PlayStation?Why do you think the vehicular combat games available on PlayStation are all bad?When you talk about Layers of Fear, do you mean the first person game developed by Bloober Team?Do you mean the first person Layers of Fear game that was developed by the Bloober Team?Bloober Team's Layers of Fear, the first person horror game?Also from 2010 is Mass Effect 2, rated M (for Mature). It's a third person action-adventure shooter RPG with no multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure shooter RPG back from 2010, presented through the perspective of a third person. Just be aware that it doesn't have any multiplayer and the themes can get kind of dark and violent, so naturally it has an M rating.If you enjoy role-playing games with action-adventure characteristics try Mass Effect 2, the third person shooter which was released in 2010. It is for more mature players and has no multiplayer feature.Crysis was released in 2007. It's a first person action-adventure shooter game. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's also available on Steam, though Linux and Mac support was dropped.Crysis is a 2007 action-adventure, first person shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It's currently not supported on Linux or Mac.Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter that was released in 2007 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Mac or Linux release.If you're looking for a PC game with multiplayer, Stronghold 2 is an option. Are you familiar with it?Have you heard of the multiplayer PC game Stronghold 2?If you like multiplayer PC games, then I wonder if you've tried Stronghold 2.So do you mean the Grand Theft Auto V on Steam?Is this the Grand Theft Auto V that's on Steam?Oh, do you mean the one that's on Steam too, Grand Theft Auto V?You said that you really disliked Konami's Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you fond of any music genre games?I know you said that Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 wasn't very good at all. Is Konami a poor maker of music games in your book?You mentioned disliking Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you generally not fond of music games from Konami?For puzzle RPG lovers, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was released in 1998 by Nintendo EAD. However, it's only for the Nintendo consoles. It is rated E (for Everyone). It is an excellent action-adventure game that can be played both from a third person or a bird view perspective.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time came out in 1998 and is an excellent action-adventure puzzle RPG by Nintendo EAD. The game, rated E (for Everyone), is only available on Nintendo consoles. The game has a third person view, but it also provides a bird view perspective.For an excellent puzzle role-playing game, try The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. This action-adventure gives players a bird view or third person perspective. Developed by Nintendo EAD, it was released in 1998 for Nintendo and is rated E (for Everyone).World of Warcraft by Blizzard Entertainment was released in 2004. It's an adventure MMORPG that is played in the third person.World of Warcraft is a third person adventure MMORPG released in 2004 and developed by Blizzard Entertainment.World of Warcraft is a third person adventure MMORPG. It was developed by Blizzard Entertainment and released in 2004.Superhot is an average indie tactical shooter from 2016. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is supported on both Mac and Linux systems. You can download the game from Steam.Superhot, an indie tactical shooter with middling ratings, arrived in 2016 and is available for play on Xbox, PC, and PlayStation. You can find it on Steam, and it is even supported on Linux and Mac.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter with overall average reviews. It's available on all platforms; PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, Mac, and originally launched on PC through Steam in 2016.Are you talking about Horizon: Zero Dawn from 2017?Is the Horizon: Zero Dawn you mentioned the one that came out in 2017?Are you talking about Horizon: Zero Dawn, the game that came out in 2017?Was there a game you found simply disappointing?Has there been a game that was really disappointing to you?What was the most disappointing release this year so far in your opinion?World of Warcraft was good, but I think it could have been even more popular if they released the game on more than just PC.I really enjoyed World of Warcraft when I picked it up for the PC.World of Warcraft is a good game, especially because it's on my favorite platform, PC.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average-rated 2014 indie adventure game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game that came out in 2014.The 2014 indie game, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, is a decent adventure game.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is one of the better PlayStation games. I really enjoy destroying my friends in an online multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory had one of the better multiplayer modes among PlayStation games.I really enjoyed the multiplayer on Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. I have good memories playing it on my PlayStation.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure game that came out in 2015 and is rated E (for Everyone). This role-playing game has a bird view perspective.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure role-playing game released in 2015. It is rated E (for Everyone) and is played from bird view perspective.An excellent adventure game, Undertale, was released in 2015 and rated E (for Everyone). This indie role-playing game has a bird view perspective.Need for Speed: Payback is a poorly-rated driving/racing game from 2017. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not out on Mac or Linux, and is not on Steam.Need for Speed: Payback is a driving/racing game that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2017. It isn't not available on Steam or for the Mac and Linux. It received overall poor ratings.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor driving/racing game that released in 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam and doesn't have a Linux or Mac version.Core Design is a developer that is terrible at doing anything other than maybe multiplayer. Unfortunately, Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a single-player only game, so of course it was really bad.Core Design really screwed up the release of Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness due to their lack of multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was a pretty poor single-player game from Core Design.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter rated M (for Mature).Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter game. It has an M (for Mature) rating.Far Cry 3 is a good first person shooter. The action-adventure game is rated M (for Mature).Bus Driver is definitely not a game for me, not even close. For one thing, it's on the PC, for another, it was released in 2014 and I much prefer more recent games.Playing Bus Driver on PC is not an enjoyable experience. Also, being from 2014 it's quite dated, which doesn't help at all.Honestly, I wanted to like 2014's Bus Driver, but even on my PC it looked pretty messy, and wasn't fun at all.Can you think of any good colorful first person games for my son?Do you know of any colorful games that are played from the first person perspective?Have you played any colorful games with a first person perspective lately?You said Far Cry 3 was pretty fun a moment ago. Would you say Ubisoft Massive has a good reputation for their PC games?I remember you saying that you enjoyed Far Cry 3. In general are you fond of PC games from Ubisoft Massive?You said that you liked Far Cry 3. Do you regularly play games from Ubisoft Massive on PC?Chris Sawyer seems to be one of your favorite developers. Have you played their Transport Tycoon?Since you like other games developed by Chris Sawyer, I wonder if you've ever played Transport Tycoon.Since you play games developed by Chris Sawyer, I wonder, have you played Transport Tycoon?I think that Stronghold 2 is so-so, because the 2005 Mac release wasn't so great.Stronghold 2 is a decent game, all things considered. I wasn't wild about it not having a Mac release, but it came out in 2005, so what can you really expect there?I was disappointed that Stronghold 2 didn't have a Mac release when it came out in 2005, but when I eventually played it, I thought it was alright.BioShock, by 2K Boston, is a 2007 shooter RPG with an action-adventure progression through the story.In 2007, 2K Boston released BioShock. It is an action-adventure role-playing shooter game.BioShock is an action-adventure, shooter RPG by the developer 2K Boston in 2007.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game developed by Blizzard Entertainment. It's available on PC, but not on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, developed by Blizzard Entertainment, is a real-time strategy game playable on PC only. It has not become available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was developed by Blizzard Entertainment. It's a real-time strategy game for PC. It isn't available on Steam.Little Big Adventure is an average third person action-adventure game with no multiplayer that is rated T (for Teen). It was developed by Adeline Software International and released in 1994.An average-rated action-adventure game from 1994 is Little Big Adventure. It was released by Adeline Software International and has a T (for Teen) rating. It's a third person perspective game with no multiplayer.Little Big Adventure is an average-rated third person action-adventure for single-player gaming. It came out in 1994 by Adeline Software International and is rated T (for Teen).What is it about M rated games that you find so off-putting?Why is it if a game has an M rating you tend to dislike it?What do you dislike about M rated games?Transport Tycoon is a 1994 simulation strategy game with average ratings.Transport Tycoon is an average simulation strategy game released in 1994.Transport Tycoon is an okay simulation strategy game released in 1994.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is pretty average in my view. I think that Sledgehammer Games is a talented developer, but adding multiplayer to the game just diluted their focus and made playing it just a so-so experience.In my opinion, Sledgehammer Games messed up the multiplayer mode in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, though otherwise it was good enough.I was surprised to see how mediocre Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare turned out to be. Especially for a developer like Sledgehammer Games, that multiplayer mode just felt incomplete.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click game with fun puzzle solving.This indie game, The Room, is an excellent puzzle point-and-click experience.You should try the Room, it's an excellent point-and-click indie puzzle game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure, puzzle-shooter with average ratings.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, an action-adventure shooter game with puzzle elements, has been receiving average ratings.Since you typically like PC games, you'd love Firefly Studios' Stronghold 2. Heard of it?One of my favorite PC games made by Firefly Studios is Stronghold 2, are you familiar with it?If you like PC games by Firefly Studios, then have you heard about the game Stronghold 2?Skyforge is a third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG. This game was released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but not on Linux and Mac. It was rated poorly by players.If you're looking for a third person adventure game, Skyforge is a hack-and-slash MMORPG with rather poor ratings. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but is not supported on Mac or Linux.Skyforge is a poor third person hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG. The game was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Do you like multiplayer games from 2015 like Rocket League?What do you think of the multiplayer aspect of the 2015 release, Rocket League?Do you remember enjoying any multiplayer games that came out in 2015, such as Rocket League?You mentioned that Tetris is one of your favorite games. Do you in general love arcade puzzle games full of strategy and played from a side view perspective?You said earlier that you greatly enjoy Tetris. Are you generally a big fan of side view arcade games with puzzles and strategy?You said that you really enjoyed Tetris. Do you frequently like to play side view puzzle and strategy arcade games?If you're okay with T rated real-time strategy simulation games, then what about Stronghold 2?Stronghold 2 was a T rated real-time strategy simulator that I enjoyed, have you played it?A Teen-rated real-time strategy, sim that I enjoyed was Stronghold 2. Have you played it?Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing, turn-based strategy with a bird view. It got poor reviews and was rated T (for Teen).Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne received mostly negative ratings. It's a turn-based strategy RPG that you play from a bird's eye view. It was rated T (for Teen).Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a bird view turn-based strategy RPG. The game was reviewed poorly and is rated T (for Teen).Are you talking about the indie point-and-click puzzle game, The Room?So when you say The Room, do you mean the indie point-and-click puzzle game?Did you mean the indie puzzle-solving point-and-click game The Room?Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with multiplayer in the bird view perspective. It was released in 2000 and received overall good reviews.Diablo II is a bird view hack-and-slash RPG with multiplayer. It was released in 2000 to good reviews.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird view. It has a multiplayer mode and was released in 2000.Small World 2 is a multiplayer indie trivia/board game. It was developed by Days of Wonder for PC, and you can get it on Steam.Small World 2 is a multiplayer trivia/board game available on Steam for PC. It was released by the indie developer Days of Wonder.Small World 2 from Days of Wonder is an indie trivia/board game with multiplayer for the PC through Steam.If you're looking for a good family-friendly game for the PC, Super Bomberman has an E rating. Have you heard of it before?Since you are interested in PC games rated E (for Eveyone), have you ever heard of Super Bomberman?For E rated family friendly PC games, Super Bomberman is an option. Have you heard of it?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings from 1999 is a real-time strategy game. Play using a traditional bird view, and join your friends in a multiplayer mode.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, released in 1999, is a real-time strategy game played in bird view. It is a multiplayer game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999-released real-time strategy game set in bird view. It has a multiplayer mode.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good action-tactical game released in 2005. The game allows the player to switch between first person and third person perspectives.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first and third person tactical action game released in 2005. The game received good ratings.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory from 2005 is a good tactical action game with first and third person views.Speaking of games released also for Mac, have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?It's hard to find good games for Mac, but have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?I know there's not many Mac games out there, but a solid one is Sid Meier's Civilization V. Have you played it, by any chance?I feel like Madden NFL 15 is a pretty average multiplayer game.Madden NFL 15 is average I guess. At first I didn't like it at all, but the multiplayer made it somewhat worthwhile.Although Madden NFL 15 supports multiplayer, it wasn't enough to make it any better than average.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is pretty cool. This 2005 PlayStation game may not be the newest, but it's still a blast to play.2005 was no extraordinary year for games, but I play games on the PlayStation, so I thought that Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was pretty fun.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory came out in 2005 but, hell, it feels like it would fit right in today with modern AAA games with how well it has aged. A solid game when it came out on PlayStation, and a solid game today.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good tactical action game that was never released on Mac or Linux, but it's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. You can play in first or third person.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good action, tactical game that can be played in third person or switched over to first person. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but can't be played on Linux or Mac.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good first and third person action-tactical game. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, but it is not out for Linux or Mac.Do you normally play T rated bird view games like The Sims?Do you like T (for Teen) rated games that have a bird's eye view, like The Sims?Do you also like bird view games rated T (for Teen) such as The Sims?You ever played any of the indie driving simulators released in 2014, like for example Bus Driver?Do you usually like indie driving simulators, like 2014's Bus DriverDid you enjoy playing the 2014 indie racing simulator Bus Driver?Worms: Reloaded is an average action and strategy platformer with multiplayer that was developed by Team17 Digital Ltd. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Worms: Reloaded is a multiplayer action platformer with strategy elements, developed by Team17 Digital Ltd. The game is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and was released to average reviews.Worms: Reloaded is a game developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, and it is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). The game is a platformer with strategy elements and multiplayer action. It has received average ratings.I know you think that The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of the best games ever. Do you have a similar love for other Nintendo games that are action-adventure puzzle RPGs?I remember you saying that you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Generally are you a big fan of action-adventure games on Nintendo featuring puzzles and role-playing?I remember you telling me that The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was fantastic. Does this strong opinion exist for most other action-adventure RPGs that have puzzles on Nintendo?Are you referring to the game on Steam, The Room?Are you talking about The Room that you can get on Steam?Do you mean the Steam game The Room?Naughty Dog released Uncharted 4: A Thief's End for the PlayStation in 2016. It's an excellent third person shooter action-adventure game with multiplayer.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was released in 2016 by developer Naughty Dog. This game has excellent reviews and is available on the PlayStation console. You play in the third person perspective and you also get to play with your friends in the multiplayer mode. It's an action-adventure game that also has a shooter element to it.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure game that came out in 2016 by Naughty Dog. The third person shooter also has multiplayer, but is only available on PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a fantastic action-adventure shooter from 2016. It's a PlayStation exclusive.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure shooter. It was out for PlayStation in 2016.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End from 2016 is an excellent action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation.I remember you said you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Would you say you are a fan of third person driving/racing games?I recall you weren't quite in love with Need for Speed: Most Wanted, but still found it fun. Do you enjoy playing driving/racing games mostly from the third person perspective?Since you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted, I was wondering if you like other third person driving/racing games?Did you find any games in 2014 disappointing?What would you say is the most disappointing game from 2014 that you know of?Was there any game released in 2014 that you found to be disappointing?Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter game that came out in 2005. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo or PC. It's available on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's rated M (for Mature).Resident Evil 4 from 2005 is an action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC through Steam. It's rated M (for Mature), and there's no Linux or Mac support.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It was released in 2005 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam but doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Did Hazelight Studios make any classic games?Do you know of a game from Hazelight Studios that has a classic feel?What do you think is the most classic game made by Hazelight Studios?Need for Speed: Shift was okay, I guess. It's got multiplayer, which is nice, but developer Slightly Mad Studios didn't really do enough with it.Although I typically enjoy multiplayer games, Need for Speed: Shift was just an okay effort from Slightly Mad Studios.Need for Speed: Shift is an overall average effort from Slightly Mad Studios, despite its multiplayer support.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation game by EA Tiburon, released in 2014. This game offers a bird's eye view and a third person perspective and is available on PlayStation and Xbox only.EA Tiburon released Madden NFL 15 in 2014 to mixed but average reviews. It's a typical third person bird's eye sports sim only available on PlayStation and Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is an average simulation sport game from 2014 by EA Tiburon. The game features a bird view and third person perspective and is available for PlayStation and Xbox.Portal 2 is a platforming first person shooter with puzzles and was released on PlayStation and PC, including Mac. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and available on Steam, though it is not supported on Linux.Portal 2 is a first person, platformer, puzzle, shooter game that is made for everyone 10 and older. It can be played on PlayStation, PC and is available on Steam. It does not have a Linux release, but it was released on Mac.Portal 2 is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is a first person platformer puzzle game with shooting elements, and is available currently on PlayStation, PC, Steam and Mac, but not on Linux.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a fighting and action-adventure game that plays in the first person perspective. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC in 2016 but is not available on the Steam gaming platform.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a 2016 action-adventure fighting game that is played from a first person perspective. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but you cannot play it on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person fighting, action-adventure game that was out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not out on Steam.I must say I was a fan of Diablo II. I like Blizzard North's work in the hack-and-slash RPG genre.Diablo II from Blizzard North is a good game and a nice example of the hack-and-slash role playing genre.I found Diablo II to be quite fun. Any hack-and-slash RPG developed by Blizzard North is gonna be fun.Small World 2, an indie, trivia/board game that has multiplayer, was developed by Days of Wonder in 2010.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game that was developed by Days Of Wonder in 2010. It's a multiplayer game.The indie, trivia/board game Small World 2, by Days of Wonder, was released in 2010. It offers multiplayer action.You said before that you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you love other action-adventure puzzle based RPGs that don't have multiplayer modes?The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of your favorite games ever, if I recall. Do you think action-adventure puzzle role-playing games are simply the best when made single-player only?You said earlier that you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you always enjoy a good single-player action-adventure game with puzzles and role playing?Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a 2016 action-adventure platformer released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is available on Steam, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's an action-adventure platformer from 2016.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India came out in 2016. It's an action-adventure platformer that you can get for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, for which it's available on Steam.You mentioned enjoying BioShock a fair amount. Would you say it was thanks to the experience the Xbox platform provides?Do you usually like Xbox games, or was BioShock just a special case?I believe that you said you liked BioShock. Do you in general like to play games on the Xbox?RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game with a bird's eye view for the player. It was developed by Microprose for Xbox and PC and also has a Linux release, though not one for Mac as well.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game developed by MicroProse for the Xbox and the PC. The bird perspective game is not for Mac users but it does boast a Linux version.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game by MicroProse. The game offers a bird view and is on Xbox and PC, including Linux systems, however, with no Mac support.For an action racing game, which you can play on PlayStation or PC, give Rollcage a try. Keep in mind though that it has no Linux or Mac release.Rollcage is an action racing game. It's available on PlayStation and PC but has no Linux or Mac releases.If you like action racing games, Rollcage is a one that is available for PlayStation and PC. It is not supported on Linux or Mac.I know you felt so-so about The Forest of Doom. Is that the general impression you have of other 2014 titles by Tin Man Games?You mentioned that The Forest of Doom was, in your view, thoroughly average. Do you feel like Tin Man Games could have done much better in 2014?You said earlier that you found The Forest of Doom to be average. Would you say this is a common feeling when considering titles developed by Tin Man Games from 2014?You mean Worms: Reloaded, the PC action and strategy platformer?Oh, do you mean Worms: Reloaded the PC action strategy platformer?By Worms: Reloaded, do you mean the one that's an action strategy platformer for the PC?Do you know of any funky PC games coming out soon?Can you recommend a funky PC game?I'm looking for a really funky game on the PC, do you know of a good one you could tell me about?World of Warcraft is a good game, especially because it was first released in 2004.I wish I could go back to 2004 when World of Warcraft first came out and I would spend hours playing.World of Warcraft is a very good game, even considering it launched in 2004.You said you felt so-so about The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. In general, would you say you felt the same about other releases from The Astronauts on Xbox?You said earlier that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter average. Do you feel normally unimpressed by Xbox games from The Astronauts?Earlier you said that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was merely okay. Do you have the same thoughts on the other Xbox games developed by The Astronauts?This is the Grand Theft Auto V that's got an M rating, correct?Is the Grand Theft Auto V you mentioned the one that got an M (for Mature) ESRB rating?Are you talking about the M rated game Grand Theft Auto V?StarCraft is a real-time strategy that gives players a bird view perspective. It is available on PC and is rated T (for Teen). You can play it on Mac but not Linux.StarCraft is a real-time strategy game that is rated T (for Teen). It is played from a bird view perspective. You can play this on PC and Mac, but it is not available for Linux.StarCraft is a PC game that was originally released in 1999 with a T (for Teen) ESRB rating. It is a real-time strategy game that you play in bird view perspective. It is not available on console, Linux release, or Mac release.Do you enjoy Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo's games from 2001 like Silent Hill 2?I'm wondering, do you like games by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, for example the 2001 game Silent Hill 2?Are you familiar with Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo's 2001 games, like Silent Hill 2?Are you referring to the 2014 multiplayer game, Football Manager 2015?Uh, Football Manager 2015, the one released in 2014, with multiplayer options?Is that the multiplayer game from 2014, Football Manager 2015?A Way Out, the third person action-adventure title by Hazelight Studios, is a game for players who enjoy multiplayer mode. It is rated M (for Mature).A Way Out was developed by Hazelight Studios and is rated M (for Mature). It is an action-adventure game that can be played multiplayer in the third person perspective.A Way Out by Hazelight Studios is a third person action-adventure game. It is multiplayer and rated M (for Mature).Do you know any cheap games that aren't on Linux?Have you played any cheap games lately that don't have a Linux release?Do you know of any cheap games without the unnecessary release for Linux?I thought that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was merely average. I think that the developer Crystal Dynamics is just a mediocre developer.Crystal Dynamics tends to produce average games like Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris.I usually like stuff by Crystal Dynamics, but Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris just felt mediocre.Outlast II is an indie adventure game with average ratings for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is supported on Mac, but it is not on Linux.If you're looking for an indie adventure game, try Outlast II. It has received average ratings, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch or PC. Though it doesn't have a Linux release, you can play it on Mac as well.Outlast II is an adventure, indie game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It got an average rating and also has a Mac release, just no Linux.Now just a moment ago, you said that Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 wasn't any good at all. I'm curious then, do you normally avoid E rated games on the Xbox?You said that you disliked Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Generally speaking, do you dislike Xbox games that are rated E?You said earlier that you didn't like Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you typically not a fan of Xbox games rated E (for Everyone)?You may find the adventure third person shooter, Quantum Break, quite decent.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter with average likeability.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter with average ratings.I thought Metroid Prime Pinball was an okay game, but it's not my favorite. I generally enjoy multiplayer games, but it turns out that I'm not a big fan of puzzle pinball games.I think Metroid Prime Pinball is decent, but multiplayer pinball puzzle games were never really my thing.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pretty average multiplayer game in the pinball puzzle genre.What is it about MicroProse's Xbox games that you find enjoyable?What do you think makes MicroProse's Xbox games as good as they are?What is it about the Xbox games developed by MicroProse that makes you enjoy them?What is it about E rated action strategy games that leaves you lukewarm?I observed that you are not too fond of action strategy games rated E (for Everyone). Can you tell me why?Why do you think that E rated action strategy games tend to be merely okay in your view?Are you a fan of any games from 2011, like Portal 2, for example?Do you still play games from 2011, such as Portal 2, by any chance?Do you have any experience playing games that were released in 2011, like Portal 2 for example?What's a good challenging game you know of that's available on Steam?Hey, is there any challenging game on Steam right now that you like?Are there any challenging games you like that are on Steam?Football Manager 2015 is a strategic sports simulator with multiplayer that was released in 2014.Football Manager 2015 came out in 2014 and is a sport simulation strategy game. The game can be played multiplayer if you want.Football Manager 2015 was released in 2014. It is a sport simulation strategy game and has multiplayer.What do you think makes Illusion Softworks Xbox games so amazing?I'm really curious now, what is it about the Xbox games made by Illusion Softworks that makes you think they're so amazing?Why do you love Xbox games particularly developed by Illusion Softworks?Another single-player shooter I've played is Half-Life 2. It was released back in 2004 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has a Linux and Mac release, and was rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an M-rated single-player shooter. It was released in 2004 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with both a Linux and Mac release.Half-Life 2 is a 2004 single-player shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is supported by Mac and Linux.I know you rather disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you also dislike the other single-player games made by Climax Studios?I know you mentioned not liking Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. I'm curious, do you think all of Climax Studios' single-player only games are bad?You said earlier that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Are you typically not super fond of games without multiplayer from Climax Studios?Outlast II is an indie adventure game that was released in 2017. It is rated M (for Mature) and received overall average reviews.Outlast II is a 2017 indie adventure game with average ratings. It is rated M (for Mature).Outlast II came out in 2017 to average reviews. It's your typical indie adventure game, although it has an M (for Mature) rating.Dirt: Showdown is a game that I'm currently playing on my Xbox. I am pretty sure you could get it on PlayStation and the PC, too. It is a sport driving/racing game. I love that is is multiplayer and you can view the race by first or third person. Sadly, it is not avialable on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a multiplayer sport racing game. It offers both first and third person perspective. The game is not available on Steam but was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was never released for Linux or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a third person sport racing game, but you can switch to first person view too. It can be played on PC, though not through Steam, and also on Xbox, or PlayStation. The game is not supported on Linux and Mac. It has a multiplayer mode though.What is it about the driving/racing games with fighting and shooter elements made by Illusion Softworks that makes you rave about how great they are?What makes you love Illusion Softworks' shooter games with driving and fighting elements?What is it about Illusion Softworks's shooter games with driving and fighting that you find so enjoyable?Are you talking about Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, the PC game in third person?By Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, do you mean the PC game with the third person perspective?Oh, you're talking about the third person PC game, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?What's the newest game that you like?What's the newest game that you've played lately?What's the newest game you plan on purchasing soon?The Last of Us is a 2013 third person action-adventure shooter. It has an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).The Last of Us was a third person action and adventure game with shooter elements that came out in 2013. The themes earned it a Mature rating.The Last of Us from 2013 is also an action-adventure shooter with an M (for Mature) rating with third person view.I remember you told me earlier that you did not enjoy Small World 2. Is the multiplayer mode something that typically spoils your gaming experience?Just a moment ago you were talking about how poor of a game Small World 2 was. So I'm wondering, is it the multiplayer that typically spoils your experience?Do you dislike multiplayer games in general, or was it just Small World 2 that happened to be particularly bad in your view?FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation game from 2011. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and is available on Steam. It can run on Mac, but not on Linux.FIFA 12 is your average sport simulation game, released in 2011 for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. While not available on Steam or Linux, it does have Mac support.If you like sport simulation games, try FIFA 12. It was released in 2011 on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but has received only average reviews. It cannot be downloaded through Steam. While there is no Linux release, it is available for Mac.The Forest of Doom is a decent role-playing text adventure game that was developed by Tin Man Games. It is only available on PC, but has a Linux and a Mac release. It can only be played as a single-player game.The Forest of Doom was developed by Tin Man Games for PC, Linux and Mac. It is an average role-playing-text adventure game with no multiplayer feature.If you're into single-player text adventure role-playing games, then maybe check out The Forest of Doom. It's a PC exclusive title from Tin Man Games. The ratings are average, but it offers support for Mac and Linux.Do you enjoy playing turn-based strategy role-playing games like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?I was wondering if you had any experience with turn-based strategy games with role-playing elements, for example games like Might & Magic: Heroes VI.Do you sometimes play turn based RPG games like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?What is it about Bloober Team games that makes you find them boring and frustrating?Why do you think Bloober Team makes such poor games?Just what is it about the games made by Bloober Team that you find so unpleasant?Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good turn-based strategy that was released in 1999 with a bird view perspective.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good bird view turn-based strategy game from 1999.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good game that was released in 1999. It is a turn-based strategy game that is played in bird view perspective.If you're interested in indie adventure platformers, try Never Alone. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is a Linux release, but not Mac.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on Linux but not Mac.The indie adventure platformer, Never Alone, can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It even runs on Linux, but sadly not on Mac.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer that came out in 2014. You can play it in multiplayer. It only received average reviews.Never Alone is a multiplayer indie adventure platformer with average ratings. It was released in 2014.If you're into indie adventure platformer games with multiplayer capabilities, give Never Alone a chance. It was released in 2014, and it is rated as an average title.The Wolf Among Us is a pretty fun game. I've always enjoyed point-and-click adventure games like it, and it being available on Steam is a nice bonus.I thought The Wolf Among Us was pretty good. Point-and-click adventures are a classic genre, and it being on Steam made it convenient.The Wolf Among Us is a good game you can find on Steam. It's part of the renaissance of the point-and-click adventure genre.If you like action games, Rollcage is a driving/racing game from 1999. It runs on PlayStation and PC. However, it is not supported on Linux or Mac.If you enjoy driving and racing, try Rollcage. It's an action game released in 1999 for PlayStation and PC. It doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Rollcage is a 1999 driving/racing game released for PlayStation and PC. Offering non-stop action, Rollcage is currently available for Windows with no release for Linux or Mac.Outlast II is an indie adventure game rated M (for Mature).Outlast II is an adventure, indie game, with an M rating.If you like indie adventures with M (for Mature) ratings, try Outlast II.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game developed for PlayStation and PC. The game is available on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter game that involves puzzle solving. It is available for PlayStation and PC only, and you can get it on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter with some puzzle solving. It can be played on PlayStation, PC, and is available on Steam.What would you say is a great looking game for the Nintendo Switch?What's a great looking game on the Nintendo Switch?Which Nintendo Switch game is great looking in your opinion?I was just wondering if you also like any sport racing games that have multiplayer, such as Dirt: Showdown?I'm curious, do you ever play driving/racing sport games that have multiplayer, like Dirt: Showdown?Are you a fan of multiplayer sport/racing games like Dirt: Showdown?You noted before that you enjoyed Life is Strange. Do you also enjoy other third person games on PlayStation?You said earlier that you liked Life is Strange. Are you a fan in general of third person PlayStation games?You said earlier that you liked Life is Strange. Do you like many third person perspective games made for the PlayStation?Is there a game made by Guerrilla Games that you felt was overrated?What would you say is the most overrated game made by Guerrilla Games?What's an overrated game made by Guerrilla Games?World of Warcraft is one of the MMORPG adventures with good ratings. You'll mostly play it from a third person perspective. It's a PC game and has a Mac release, but it's never gotten a Linux version since its release in 2004.World of Warcraft is a good third person adventure MMORPG released in 2004 for the PC and Mac. If you are looking to run this on Linux, you are out of luck.The adventure MMORPG World of Warcraft is considered good by reviewers. This third person PC game was released in 2004 and is an option for Mac users. The game, however, does not cater to Linux users.I remember you said you found Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India to be pretty bad. Do you have a similar experience with other action-adventure platformers for the PlayStation?I heard your weren't a huge fan of Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you not like playing action-adventure platformers on your PlayStation?You said that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you dislike action-adventure platformers on PlayStation as a whole?The Wolf Among Us is third person perspective, point-and-click adventure. It was released in 2013 with good reviews. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can get it for Mac, but not Linux.The Wolf Among Us is a good third person point-and-click adventure game. It came out in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is supported on Mac, but it is not on Linux.The Wolf Among Us is a good point-and-click, third person adventure game. It was out on 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. It currently has no Linux support.I thought BioShock was fun. Its focus on being single-player only let it tell a nice story, and it's Mac release meant I was actually able to play it.I tend to like single-player games, especially if I can play them on my Mac, so I enjoyed BioShock a fair amount.BioShock was such a good game, it didn't have multiplayer but it also didn't need it. And with a release on the Mac, playing was pretty simple too.What's the most expensive game for the PC that you know of?What's the most expensive PC game you know of?What's the most expensive PC game you have ever purchased?Payday 2 is an average role-playing game that came out in 2013. You can play this first person shooter in multiplayer mode.A decent role-playing shooter I've been playing recently is Payday 2, from 2013. It is in first person perspective and has a multiplayer mode.Payday 2 is considered an average role-playing, first person shooter game that was released in 2013. It also features multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was released in 1998 on Nintendo. It is an excellent role-playing game full of action, adventure and puzzles, played from a third person perspective with the option of switching to bird view.If you want to play a great action-adventure role-playing game with puzzle solving, and you haven't played The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time yet, you really should. It was released in 1998 for Nintendo consoles only. The camera swaps between a third person view and a bird view.The excellent 1998 action-adventure role-playing puzzler, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, offers a third person and a bird view perspective. The game is for Nintendo only.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game. There is no multiplayer feature.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game, that is single-player only.The Room is an indie point-and-click game that involves puzzle solving. No multiplayer mode is available.The third person adventure MMORPG, World of Warcraft, has received good ratings.World of Warcraft is a good third person adventure MMORPG.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG that you play from a third person perspective.A fun action-adventure shooter for Nintendo is Resident Evil 4, have you heard of it?Speaking of Nintendo action-adventure shooter games, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Have you ever tried the Nintendo action-adventure shooting game Resident Evil 4?Undertale, released in 2015, is an indie adventure role-playing game with a bird view. It was released on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, and is available on Steam. You can play it on Mac and Linux too.Undertale is an indie role-playing adventure game with a bird view that was released in 2015. It's available on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC via Steam, and it runs on Linux and Mac too.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game with a bird view perspective, released in 2015. It was released for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. The game is available on Steam, Linux, and Mac.Mass Effect 2 came out in 2010 on PlayStation, Xbox, and on Steam for PC (but not Mac or Linux.) It's a single-player only action-adventure RPG shooter.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure role-playing game that came out in 2010 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The shooter game can only be played single-player and is not available on either Linux or Mac. However, the game is on Steam.If you enjoy action-adventure shooter games with role-play to them as well, try Mass Effect 2 from 2010. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox and PC and it's available on Steam, though it doesn't have multiplayer support, nor Linux or Mac releases.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG made by Blizzard Entertainment. It came out in 2004 and is rated T (for Teen). It generally has good ratings.World of Warcraft is one of the good MMORPGs. Released in 2004, World of Warcraft is an adventure game rated T (for Teen) and was developed by Blizzard Entertainment.The adventure MMORPG, World of Warcraft, brings back a lot of good memories, all the way back to 2004. It was developed by Blizzard Entertainment and put right in the middle of a T (for Teen) rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game that was rated M (for Mature).The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game rated M (for Mature).The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game that was rated M (for Mature).2000's The Sims is a good simulation strategy game played from a bird's eye view.The Sims is a simulation strategy game from a bird's eye view. Originally released in 2000, the game received good reviews from players.If you like simulation strategy games then you should try the video game released in 2000 called The Sims. It has a good rating and uses a bird view perspective.I think Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent game. Moon Studios is a seriously talented developer and they really know how to use the potential of the Xbox platform.Moon Studios really did right by the Xbox with Ori and the Blind Forest. That game is absolutely perfect.I've really been having a blast playing Ori and the Blind Forest. Moon Studios is an amazing developer that really takes advantage of the Xbox to make an excellent game.I know you use Steam a lot, so I wonder if you've tried The Wolf Among Us.I know there's a lot of good games on Steam, but The Wolf Among Us comes to my mind right now. Have you given it a shot?I know that you're a true blue Steam gamer. Did you check out The Wolf Among Us on Steam?What is the last game you played?What's the last video game you played?What's the last video game you finished?Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game originally released in 2000. The game has multiplayer and is available on PC through physical release, not on Steam. The game has a Mac release, but no Linux release.Diablo II was released in 2000. It is a hack-and-slash role-playing game that has a multiplayer option. The game is available for PC, and was released for Mac, but it is not available on Steam, or for Linux.Diablo II's a multiplayer hack-and-slash RPG from 2000. It's on PC, but not Steam, and there's a Mac release. No Linux support though.If you want to try an awesome shooting and driving game, you should check out Mafia, by Illusion Softworks, which also includes some fighting elements. You can only play it single-player, but you can switch to the third person perspective. It is an M-rated game from 2002.The excellent third person shooter, Mafia, combines elements of driving, shooting and fighting. It was released by Illusion Softworks in 2002 with an M rating. It's too bad it's a single-player only game.Mafia is an excellent driving/racing game by Illusion Softworks that came out in 2002. This fighting game is a third person shooter. The game is rated M (for Mature) and offers no multiplayer.Have you given any bird's eye view games a play, such as Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Do you have any experience playing games with a bird view perspective, like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Have you tried bird's eye view games, you know, games like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Assetto Corsa is a driving/racing game that is presented in a simulation style. It's a good game, if you're into the sport.Assetto Corsa is a good driving/racing game that is a sport simulation.Assetto Corsa is a good sports driving/racing simulator.You said that you really enjoyed Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you generally like to play multiplayer games that are rated T?Previously you told me you really like to play Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. So, do you prefer multiplayer games with T content rating?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you in general like T rated multiplayer games?I really liked Rocket League, it's a fun game. Being rated E too, everyone can join the fun. Psyonix did a great job, and has been constantly supporting the game with updates and events, so that's nice.I like playing E rated games, but it seems so many developers don't put effort into them. Fortunately, Psyonix is a developer that does, so I had a good time playing Rocket League.I think Rocket League is quite good. I think that Psyonix has created an attractive selection of games rated E (for Everyone).Now that Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an newer game. It can be found near similar genres of role-playing and turn-based strategies. It is spectacular in offering multiplayer capabilities and the up close and personal bird view for your enjoyment.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy game. It has a bird view and features multiplayer.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a turn-based strategy, role-playing game that has a bird view perspective and a multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie third person hack-and-slash adventure game that you can get on Steam. It was released in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but there is not multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie adventure game that came out in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The hack-and-slash title is played in the third person with single-player option available only. Steam has the game available on its platform.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, an indie hack-and-slash adventure game with a third person perspective. It was released for PC in 2017, available on Steam, with Xbox and PlayStation releases too. The game has no multiplayer mode.That's Little Big Adventure, the PlayStation action-adventure game, right?By Little Big Adventure, do you mean the action-adventure game for the PlayStation?Are you talking about that action-adventure game on the PlayStation, Little Big Adventure?I enjoy single-player games that have an M rating so that they can explore a lot of mature and complicated themes, which is why I think The Wolf Among Us is a good game.The Wolf Among Us was pretty good, especially for a single-player only game. I was surprised that the game earned an M rating at first, but after playing I see why.I enjoyed The Wolf Among Us. It's omission of multiplayer and the M rating meant it was able to really focus on the single-player elements I enjoy in my games.Do you know about any games from 1999, such as Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Have you played any games from 1999 like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Have you ever played a game that came out in 1999, like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?You said that you liked Max Payne. Do you frequently like to play mature games from Remedy Entertainment?So you found Max Payne to be enjoyable to play, if I remember right. Do you also enjoy Remedy Entertainment's other M rated games?You said earlier that you enjoyed Max Payne. Are you a a big fan of M (for Mature) rated games by Remedy Entertainment?Need for Speed: The Run is a driving/racing game that's been around since 2011. It is even fairly family-friendly, since it is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run is a racing game rated T (for Teen). It was released in 2011.Need for Speed: The Run is a 2011 racing game that is rated T for teen audiences.Speaking of multiplayer games developed by Sledgehammer Games, have you tried playing Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?And while we're on the subject of multiplayer games developed by Sledgehammer Games, have you heard of of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Have you heard of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare? Sledgehammer Games made it, it's a pretty fun multiplayer game.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure role-playing game in third person perspective. Although not available on Mac or Linux, it is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam. The game earned excellent ratings.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person action-adventure role-playing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC via Steam. It's not available on Linux or Mac. It has received excellent reviews since its launch.Role-playing action-adventure enthusiasts will love the excellent title, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. The third person video game is supported by PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam, but no Mac or Linux versions are on offer.I think that Need for Speed: Most Wanted is fun to play. Driving/racing games that include multiplayer tend to be enjoyable to me.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is pretty good I think. Driving/racing games like it tend to be at least a little fun, but then when you add in multiplayer, they're even better.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is really fun, racing games really shine when they include multiplayer.Can you recommend an easy action-adventure game?Is there an easy action-adventure game out there that you would recommend?Do you know of any action-adventure games that are nice and easy?The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure role-playing game from 2011. It uses first and third person perspective, but doesn't have multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure RPG title released in 2011 that can be played single-player only, and from either the first person or third person view.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was released in 2011. It's a good adventure role-playing game that offers both a third person and first person perspective. There is no multiplayer mode.Can you recommend to me an absorbing first person game?Have you played any first person perspective games lately that you would say are really absorbing?What's a first person game you know of that you felt was absorbing?Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a turn-based strategy RPG that supports multiplayer and was released in 2011 it received overall average reviews.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a decent multiplayer role-playing turn-based strategy released in 2011.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy, released in 2011. It has an average rating, but has multiplayer.Small World 2 is a poorly rated indie trivia/board game with multiplayer released for PC, Mac, and Linux.Small World 2 is a poorly rated indie multiplayer trivia/board game for PC, Mac, and Linux.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game with multiplayer developed for PC, Linux, and Mac. It received poor reviews.Teenagers will love the simulation and strategy game that is The Sims. The bird view game has good ratings but no multiplayer option.The Sims is a simulation strategy game that gives the player a bird view perspective. It has good likability and is rated T (for Teen). There is no multiplayer, however.The Sims is a single-player bird view simulation strategy game. It has received good ratings, and is rated T (for Teen).SpellForce 3 is an overall lackluster RPG/RTS. Basically, the only thing it got right was the bird view perspective, but everything else is just subpar.SpellForce 3 is a really bad game. The attempt to blend the RTS and RPG genres together just doesn't work, and the bird view perspective makes playing it confusing.I think that SpellForce 3 is one of the worst games I've ever played. Trying to combine the real-time strategy and role-playing genres just doesn't work, and the bird view perspective makes it near impossible to play.Assetto Corsa is a good racing simulator. You can drive your car from first or third person view, and if you want a good multiplayer sport racing game, I'd recommend it.Assetto Corsa is a good sport racing simulation game that offers multiplayer. It can be played in either first person or third person view.Assetto Corsa is a good sport racing simulation game. It can be played in third person, or switched over to first person, and can also be played multiplayer.Battlefield V is an upcoming first person action shooter game that will be available on all the usual platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It will offer gamers their fix of multiplayer action; however, it is not available until October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is a multiplayer first person action shooter. It is expected to be out on October 16, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Coming out on October 16, 2018, Battlefield V is an action-shooter game with multiplayer support that plays from a first person perspective. It will be available for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.You said you were not happy or unhappy with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. In general, do you feel this way about other releases from Neversoft Entertainment on the PC?You mentioned that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was an okay game but nothing ground breaking. Do you feel the same way about Neversoft Entertainment's other PC games?You said earlier that you found Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 to be average. Generally are you unimpressed with PC games from Neversoft Entertainment?Is the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness you mentioned the one developed by Core Design that you can get on Steam?Do you mean Core Design's Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, available on Steam?Do you mean the Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness developed by Core Design that is available on Steam?Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 2014 first person action-shooter. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare launched in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. It's an action first person shooter.The 2014 release Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action-packed first person shooter available for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game is also available on Steam, making it a widely available choice.The arcade racing game TrackMania Turbo offers a good multiplayer experienece. It even allows you to alternate between the first and third person perspective. The game was made by Nadeo in 2016.For a good arcade driving/racing game with multiplayer, try TrackMania Turbo. Players can toggle between third and first person perspective. It was released in 2016 by Nadeo.TrackMania Turbo from 2016 is a good arcade driving game that has multiplayer. This Nadeo game has first and third person views.Football Manager 2015 was released in 2014. It is a good sport strategy simulation game.If you like sports simulators, give Football Manager 2015 a try. It is a strategy game that has been receiving good ratings since it came out in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a good 2014 sports strategy sim.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter from 2003. You can play it on PlayStation or get it on Steam for PC.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness released on Steam (PC) and PlayStation in 2003. It's an action-adventure, third person shooter.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released in 2003. It's a third person action-adventure shooter that was released for PlayStation and PC only. It is also available on Steam.You should try Alan Wake's American Nightmare, an action-adventure shooter that came out back in 2012. You can play it on your Xbox or PC through Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It was rated T (for Teen).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure, shooter game released in late 2012 exclusively on Xbox and PC. This T (for Teen)-rated game is available on Steam; however, it was never released for Mac or Linux and remains a Windows-only PC game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a 2012 action-adventure shooter that is rated T (for Teen). You can play this on Xbox and PC. It is available on Steam, but not for Linux or Mac.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a hack-and-slash adventure game from an indie studio. Released in 2017, it gives the player a third person perspective as they fight their way through the game.If you like new indie games, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a third person adventure, hack-and-slash game from 2017.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a 2017 third person indie adventure hack-and-slash game.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent third person action-adventure, role-playing shooter. It was developed exclusively for PlayStation by Guerrilla Games and is rated T (for Teen). It does not have multiplayer.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure RPG shooter released by Guerrilla Games for the PlayStation. This game is third person, has no multiplayer, and has T (for Teen) rating.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure shooter with third person role-playing, developed by Guerrilla Games. It was released as a PlayStation exclusive, and doesn't have multiplayer. It is suitable for teenagers.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent tactical shooter and action-adventure game that offers first person, third person, and bird view perspectives. It was released exclusively for the PlayStation consoles in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an awesome action-adventure tactical shooter released in 2004 for PlayStation. The game can be played from bird view, first person, or third person perspective.A great game to play is the 2004 action-adventure tactical shooter, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. You can play from bird view, first person or third person perspective. It can be played on PlayStation only.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was just plain average. I like games that are on the PlayStation normally, but the first person perspective made the experience kind of mediocre.The first person perspective in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is pretty immersive, yet playing it on PlayStation was not very satisfying.I can't say I enjoyed Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare much. Though it was released for the PlayStation, the first person view felt awkward for some reason.So what aspects of M rated action-adventure shooters makes you say they're excellent?Why do you think M rated action adventure shooters are so amazing?If you don't mind answering, why do you love M rated action-adventure shooters so much?Tetris by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc is an arcade puzzle-strategy game from 1986.Tetris is a puzzle strategy arcade game that was developed by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc and released in 1986.Tetris was developed by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc in 1986. It is an arcade-style puzzle strategy game.Ah, so you really didn't like Skyforge at all it seems. But I wonder now, do you dislike the other games that came out in 2015 for the PC?You said that you disliked Skyforge. Is this the case for all PC games in 2015?I know you said you really hated Skyforge. Do you mostly dislike PC games released in 2015?Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy game played in bird view perspective.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent bird view, real-time strategy game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent bird view, real-time strategy game.You tend to enjoy games made by Visual Concepts, why is that?What is it about the games developed by Visual Concepts that makes them enjoyable to you?What makes you think Visual Concepts games are so good?Have you played any games from Capcom Production Studio 4, like Resident Evil 4?So I've been curious, have you ever played a game made by Capcom Production Studio 4, such as Resident Evil 4?Do you like games developed by Capcom Production Studio 4, like Resident Evil 4?The Wolf Among Us, a third person point-and-click adventure game, is for any mature gamer in single-player mode. From 2013 to present, it has continued to receive good reviews and will probably continue being enjoyed for many more years.In 2013, the third person point-and-click adventure game, The Wolf Among Us, was released for mature audiences. It generally received good ratings despite the lack of multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us, rated M (for Mature), is from 2013. It's a good point-and-click adventure with third person view but no multiplayer.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a 2002 role-playing, turn-based strategy game with poor reviews.If you like role-playing games, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a turn-based strategy game from 2002. It has poor ratings.The 2002 role-playing game, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, is for those who also enjoy turn-based strategy. It has received poor ratings.Rocket League is a pretty solid third person game from Psyonix, I must say.I'm normally ambivalent about third person games, but Psyonix is one of my favorite developers, and they managed to make Rocket League a pretty good game despite the perspective.I think Rocket League is a solid game. It is one of the many good third person perspective games developed by Psyonix.Do you mean the adventure shooter, Shadow of the Tomb Raider, with a third person perspective?Are you talking about Shadow of the Tomb Raider, the third person adventure shooter?When you refer to Shadow of the Tomb Raider, do you mean the one that's a third person adventure shooter?Have you played a game recently that you found really addictive?Are there any games you find really addictive?What game did you find most addictive last year?Need for Speed: The Run is a driving/racing game that has both first person and third person persepctives. It is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run is a first person or third person driving/racing game that is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run was released with a T (for Teen) rating. It is a driving/racing game that offers a first person and third person mode.Skyforge is a hack-and-slash, MMORPG adventure with a third person player perspective. It has received poor ratings.If you like your gaming with hack-and-slash and adventure, then you would probably enjoy Skyforge. It's a third person MMORPG I recently started playing, and I'm enjoying it so far. Though, it's received poor reviews, so it may not be for everyone.A poor example of a third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG is Skyforge.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy with a bird's eye view. It is available for PC and on Steam and supports multiplayer. Though the ratings it has received are mostly negative.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poor role-playing turn-based strategy PC game with a bird view perspective. It features multiplayer and is currently available on Steam.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a rather disappointing role-playing turn-based strategy game for PC, despite its multiplayer mode. It features a pretty standard bird view perspective. It is available for download on Steam.If you're looking for a tactical first person shooter with a lot of adventure, then Metro Exodus is bound to catch your interest. It is set to release sometime in 2019.Metro Exodus is a first person tactical shooter. This adventure game is expected to come out in 2019.Metro Exodus is an adventure tactical first person shooter expected to be released sometime in 2019.Worms: Reloaded is an okay strategic action platformer on the PC. Get it through Steam and there is Linux and Mac support. There is also multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is an average action, platformer, strategy with multiplayer out on PC, Linux, Mac, and Steam.An action platforming strategy game you can play in multiplayer mode with your friends is Worms: Reloaded. It has average reviews, but you can get it on Steam for PC, Mac, or Linux.Metro Exodus should be out for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2019. It's an adventure tactical shooter game.Metro Exodus is an upcoming tactical adventure-shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's due to be released in 2019.Metro Exodus is expected to come out in 2019. It's a tactical adventure-shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Skyforge is a poor third person, adventure, hack-and-slash MMORPG that was released in 2015.Skyforge is a poor third person adventure, hack-and-slash, MMORPG released in 2015.In 2015 Skyforge was released as a third person MMORPG. Even though it is a hack-and-slash game with a lot of adventure, its players have been rating it poorly.If you like RTS-RPGs, try SpellForce 3. It's a bird's eye view multiplayer RTS-RPG for the PC available on Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support though.If you want a real-time strategy, role-player with bird view perspective and multiplayer, you should try SpellForce 3. It is only for PC and is available on Steam. There is no release for Linux or Mac, though.SpellForce 3 is a game for the PC that is real-time strategy and role-playing. The perspective of the game is bird view and it is multiplayer. The game is available on Steam, but has not been released on Linux or Mac.I had a fun time with NBA 2K16 the other day. Third person sports games like this are almost always at least a bit enjoyable, and NBA 2K16 was pretty good.I'm not one for sports games, but the third person NBA 2K16 really won me over.NBA 2K16 is a pretty enjoyable game. The sport genre is often a fun one and the game's third person perspective enhanced the experience.Can you please explain to me a bit more about why you enjoy games developed by Telltale Games?So if you don't mind explaining, what is it about the games created by Telltale Games that you like?What is it about Telltale Games' that you think are good?Have you every played a T rated game that you felt was genuinely scary?Are there any really scary T rated games?What do you think was a good example of a scary game that still only got a T rating from the ESRB?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was released in 2005. It's an action-packed tactical style game. You need to be a bit older to play this game because it's rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game for mature audiences. It was released in 2005.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a 2005 M (for Mature) release. It is a game for those that like tactical action gaming.Earlier you mentioned that you found Rollcage to be average. Are you normally not impressed with third person action games featuring driving/racing?You mentioned just a bit ago that you found Rollcage to be average. Do you feel similarly about third person action racing games in general?You said earlier that you thought Rollcage was just average. Is it the case with all action, driving/racing games played from a third person perspective?Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a third person adventure shooter developed by Eidos Montral. The game is scheduled to release September 14, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an adventure third person shooter developed by Eidos Montral. It will be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on September 14, 2018.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a third person, adventure, shooter game by the developer Eidos Montral. It will be released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Its expected release date is September 14, 2018.Your opinion of Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 seems to be that playing it was less fun than watching paint dry. Would you say that the music games that are available for Xbox are just bad?You mentioned disliking Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you just not about music games on Xbox?I heard you hated Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Do you dislike all music games on Xbox?You mentioned that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was, in your view, average at best. Do you feel like Neversoft Entertainment can't be quite trusted with sports games?You seem to have a lukewarm feeling about Neversoft Entertainment's Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Do you also feel lukewarm about other sports games?I know you though Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was a decent game. Do you tend to feel similar about most sports games developed by Neversoft Entertainment?What's a recent game that you just felt was uninteresting?What do you think is the most uninteresting video game you ever encountered?Have you played any uninteresting games lately that I should avoid?Max Payne, released in 2001, is a third person action-adventure shooter. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and is also available for download on Steam. It is released on Mac but hasn't been supported on Linux systems.If you like third person action-adventure shooter games, then you should try the 2001 video game called Max Payne. It released on the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. It's available on Steam but unfortunately has no support for Linux.Max Payne is a third person action-adventure shooter that came out in from 2001 for Mac, PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, but it is not out on Linux.I remember you thought Need for Speed: The Run was just average. Does that sentiment hold for all Firebrand Games from 2011?So Need for Speed: The Run is in your opinion just okay. Was 2011 just an average year for Firebrand Games in your opinion?Earlier you said you found Need for Speed: The Run to be average. Are you typically not impressed with games from 2011 by Firebrand Games?I wonder if you can explain something to me, why is it that you can't stand games that are on the PC?Why do you dislike PC games?What is it about PC games that makes you find them so unpleasant?Half-Life 2, released in 2004, is an excellent first person shooter game. It is a single-player only game, and rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an excellent FPS released in 2004. It does not have multiplayer, and is rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an M-rated first person shooter from 2004. It has excellent ratings, but is a single-player only game.Quantum Break is an adventure shooter that is played from the third person's perspective and is rated M (for Mature). This game came out in 2016, and you cannot play multiplayer with it.Quantum Break is an M (for Mature) game from 2016. It is a third person adventure-shooter for single-player.Quantum Break is a 2016 M (for Mature)-rated title in the adventure-shooter category of games. It's a third person perspective game that doesn't have a multiplayer mode.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game that was released on PlayStation and Nintendo by Electronic Arts in 2009. It received poor ratings.Trivial Pursuit by Electronic Arts in 2009 is a trivia/board game for PlayStation and Nintendo. It is poorly rated.Trivial Pursuit is an overall poor trivia/board game developed by Electronic Arts in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo.Small World 2 is an indie game by Days of Wonder. The trivia/board game has a multiplayer mode.Small World 2, by Days of Wonder, is an indie trivia/board game. You can play it multiplayer.The indie trivia/board game, Small World 2, by the developer Days of Wonder, can be played multiplayer with your friends.God of War is an excellent action-adventure game released in 2018 for PlayStation. The third person game combines platforming and role-playing.God of War is an excellent action-adventure platformer that came out in 2018 for PlayStation. The role-playing game is third person.2018's God of War is a third person action-adventure platforming RPG. Despite being a PlayStation exclusive, it's received excellent reviews.You said that you liked Far Cry 3. Do you frequently like to play multiplayer action-adventure shooters?Earlier you mentioned that you like Far Cry 3. Is it safe to assume you like most action-adventure shooters with multiplayer?I know you mentioned that you had a pretty fun time playing Far Cry 3. Would you say that overall you find action-adventure shooters fun whenever they have a multiplayer mode?Tom Clancy's The Division is an average tactical third person shooter with role-playing, developed by Massive Entertainment. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and you can get it on Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division by Massive Entertainment is an average third person tactical shooter RPG. It's on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC available through Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is a game for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and is available on Steam. This is a role-playing, shooter, and tactical game that is done in the third person. This game is developed by Massive Entertainment and has an average rating.Rocket League was released in 2015 with an E (for Everyone) rating. It's a sports and vehicular combat game that can be played in a multiplayer mode.A vehicular combat game featuring sport aspects, Rocket League, was released in 2015. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and offers a multiplayer mode.If you're looking for a game that's rated E (for Everyone), the multiplayer game, Rocket League, will have you playing with your family for hours. It's a vehicular combat sports game from 2015.A good side view action strategy platformer I know of is Worms: Reloaded. Have you heard of it?For side view platformers that combine both action and strategy, you can't go wrong with Worms: Reloaded. Have you heard about it?On the topic of side view action strategy platformers, have you tried out Worms: Reloaded?RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation, strategy game to try on Xbox or PC. It was originally released in 1999 and developed by MicroProse. It is not available on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game developed by MicroProse. The game was released in 1999 to positive critic reviews. The game is not currently on Steam but is available for Xbox and PC.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good strategy simulator that was developed by MicroProse. It was out in 1999 for Xbox and PC. It has no Steam support.You told me Silent Hill 2 is one of your favorite games. Are you regularly into third person action-adventure puzzle games?I think you mentioned having an excellent time when you played Silent Hill 2. Do you generally enjoy all third person action-adventure games with puzzles in them?You said that Silent Hill 2 was totally rad. I'm curious, do you in general really love third person perspective action adventure games with puzzles?I remember you mentioning that you like Little Nightmares. Are you generally a fan of adventure games from 2017 that involve platforming and puzzles?You said that Little Nightmares was a fun time. Were you happy with the 2017 selection of adventure puzzle platformers overall?You said you liked Little Nightmares. Do you like other adventure puzzle platforming games from 2017?Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platforming game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's even available on Mac, but not Linux. Unfortunately, there's no multiplayer.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer with no multiplayer. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac but not Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer available for PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Mac. There is no Linux release and the game has no multiplayer mode.I remember you saying you thought that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was good. Do you like any other EA Redwood Shores driving/racing games?Previously you told me you like to play racing games like Need for Speed: Most Wanted. So, do you play other games from EA Redwood Shores?You mentioned that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty good in your opinion. Do you generally enjoy driving/racing games, or are you simply fond of EA Redwood Shores's take on it?Little Nightmares was a pretty fun game to play. I tend to like games made by Tarsier Studios, plus adventure puzzle platformers are right up my alley.Little Nightmares by Tarsier Studios is one of the more fun games that I've played. Its adventure platformer style with puzzles can keep you entertained for hours.I liked Little Nightmares. Tarsier Studios really did well with the adventure platforming puzzle game.I really wanted to like Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, but Triumph Studios made it and I end up hating all of their games.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was a poor effort from Triumph Studios.I rather disliked Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. Triumph Studios is just a terrible developer and it shows in the game.What is it about the bird view perspective games made by Hudson Soft that makes you find them to be neither good nor terrible?I understand you are not too fond of bird's eye view games developed by Hudson Soft. Why is that though?Why are you unenthused by Hudson Soft's bird view games?Trivial Pursuit is a pretty bad trivia/board game, although you can play it multiplayer with your friends. It was developed by Electronic Arts for PlayStation and Nintendo only.Trivial Pursuit is poorly-rated trivia/board multiplayer game developed by Electronic Arts. It was released for PlayStation and Nintendo.I'd stay away from Trivial Pursuit, it's by Electronic Arts and it has poor reviews. This multiplayer trivia/board game is available on PlayStation and Nintendo consoles.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a multiplayer music game release for Xbox. While featuring multiplayer, the game was received poorly by critics.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game for the Xbox. There is a multiplayer mode.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 was a poorly reviewed Xbox title. It's a music game with multiplayer.In 2015, Psyonix released the third person vehicular combat game, Rocket League. Overall, it is a good multiplayer sports game that is rated E (for Everyone).A solid E rated game I've been playing is the vehicular combat sports game, Rocket League, developed by Psyonix in 2015. You can play the game multiplayer, and from the third person perspective.Rocket League is a surprisingly good sports game with multiplayer vehicular combat elements, played from third person perspective. It came out back in 2015 from a developer called Psyonix, and it's a nice family game, since it's rated E (for Everyone).Portal 2 is an amazing game. Valve Corporation is definitely one of my favorite developers, and another plus is it's on my favorite system, the PlayStation.Portal 2 is my dream game. Valve Corporation is my favorite developer and the PlayStation is my favorite system, so combining the two is a match made in heaven.Valve Corporation's Portal 2 is a fantastic game, played great with friends on PlayStation.I know you like Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you think there is an abundance of good tactical strategy games for the PC?You mentioned that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Are you a fan in general of strategy and tactical games for PC?I heard you say that you like Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Are you really fond of games wherein it requires your clever strategies and tactics on the PC?What's a really scary PC game?What's a scary game for the PC that you played lately?What's a really scary game that you can get on the PC?F1 2014 is a driving and sport racing simulation game. Most people rate it as average, but there is a multiplayer mode.If you like to play sport racing simulators with friends, you can try F1 2014 with its multiplayer mode. It received average ratings from the gamers.F1 2014 is a multiplayer sport racing simulator with average ratings.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an upcoming game developed by Eidos Montral. The adventure shooter game is slated to be released on September 14, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an adventure shooter developed by Eidos Montral. This game is expected to come out September 14, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.On September 14, 2018, the developer Eidos Montral will be releasing a new adventure-filled shooter game, Shadow of the Tomb Raider. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game on PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, and PC. It is not on Mac, and is not available on Steam.If you are into action-adventure fighting games, you should check out Mirror's Edge Catalyst. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has a Linux release but isn't available on Steam or Mac.The action-adventure and fighting title, Mirror's Edge Catalyst, is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux. The game is not offered on Steam or for Mac.If you like driving/racing games with multiplayer, Need for Speed: The Run is an average game. It was released in 2011 by Firebrand Games and is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run is an average driving game from 2011 made by Firebrand Games. It only has a teen rating, but the best part is the multiplayer so you can race against your friends.Need for Speed: The Run by Firebrand Games came out in 2011. It's an average T (for Teen) racing game with multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us is a third person point-and-click adventure game released in 2013. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Mac and Steam. It has no Linux support.The Wolf Among Us is a 2013 third person point-and-click adventure game. It is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There is a Mac release but no Linux.The Wolf Among Us is a third person point-and-click adventure game released in 2013. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. The game has a Mac release alongside PC, but has no Linux counterpart.A Way Out is an action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Steam, and it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It came out in 2018 and is rated M (for Mature).A Way Out is an action-adventure game that came out in 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This game is rated M (for Mature) but is not available for Steam, Linux, or Mac.An M-rated action-adventure game released in 2018 is A Way Out. This game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but don't excpect it to work on Linux or Mac, nor can you purchase it on Steam.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits felt kinda lacking to me. I think they focused too much on the multiplayer and ignored the rest.I really wish I enjoyed Guitar Hero: Smash Hits more, but even the multiplayer was disappointing.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits certainly was not a smash hit for me. I just much prefer single-player only games, rather than ones that throw in a multiplayer mode like it did.Do you like playing Valve Corporation's games, such as Portal 2?I was wondering something, have you played any of the games developed by Valve Corporation, such as Portal 2?Have you played any games from Valve Corporation, like Portal 2?Tom Clancy's The Division is an average role-playing tactical shooter that came out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game is not available on either Mac or Linux, but can be played from Steam.The 2016 release of Tom Clancy's The Division is an average game if you want to try a tactical role-playing shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC with the option of being available on Steam, but it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Tom Clancy's The Division is a tactical shooter game with a role-play angle to it that came out in 2016. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox or PC and has received average ratings. It's available on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.You said that you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you tend to not like third person games for PlayStation?You said that you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you frequently dislike third person games on PlayStation?Previously you told me that you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you often find something wrong with the third person perspective games on PlayStation?I liked Far Cry 3, the immersion that you get from the first person experience is unlike any other game.I really enjoy Far Cry 3, it's a great first person game.I thought Far Cry 3 was pretty good. I have a thing for first person perspective games.The Crew 2 is a driving/racing game that is going to be released on June 29, 2018.The racing and driving game, The Crew 2, is scheduled to be released June 29, 2018.The Crew 2 is a driving/racing game that will be released on June 29, 2018.You had a very high opinion of The Room last time we talked. Do you share this opinion with other first person shooters from Fireproof Games?You said earlier that you greatly enjoyed The Room. Are you typically a big fan of first person games from Fireproof Games?You mentioned that The Room was a totally awesome game. I'm curious, are you in general a big fan of Fireproof Games' first person perspective games?Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer released in 1990. It is rated E (for Everyone) and runs on Nintendo.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer game played from the side view perspective. This game was released exclusively for Nintendo in 1990 and received an E (for Everyone) ESRB rating.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer from 1990. The game features a side view. It is for Nintendo and is rated E (for Everyone).Far Cry 3 is a good first person action-adventure shooter game. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is not available on Linux or Mac.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was not released on Linux or Mac.I had fun playing The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It's a single-player action-adventure RPG.Too bad the action-adventure RPG The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has no multiplayer.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, is an action-adventure RPG with no multiplayer.Since you like driving/racing games for PC, I wonder if you've played Need for Speed: Most Wanted.A classic driving/racing game for the PC is Need for Speed: Most Wanted, did you ever play it?A PC platform driving/racing game that I enjoyed was Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Have you played it?If you like the MMORPG type of games, then you should try the PC game called World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, which is expected to be released on August 14, 2018.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is an MMORPG to be released August 14, 2018 as a PC exclusive game.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is an MMORPG game and is expected to be released on August 14, 2018. It will be available exclusively on PC.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent action-adventure role-playing title despite its lack of multiplayer. The 2015 release of the game made it to PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam.One of 2015's most highly rated games on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC was The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It's a single-player action-adventure RPG with excellent reviews, and it's available on Steam now.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent action-adventure RPG that came out in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This game is available on Steam and has no multiplayer mode.Super Mario World is another multiplayer game by Nintendo EAD. Have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of multiplayer games by Nintendo EAD, I thought you might like Super Mario World too. Have you heard about this game?Do you know of Super Mario World? It's this great multiplayer game from Nintendo EAD.Do you enjoy playing single-player PC games, like Little Big Adventure?What do you think of PC games with no multiplayer, just like that Little Big Adventure? Could that be fun?Do you like single-player PC games like Little Big Adventure?Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a multiplayer real-time strategy game that is available on PC and Mac. It is not available on Steam, and is not on Linux.If you enjoy real-time strategy games, try Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos. It has multiplayer support, and you can play it on either PC or Mac, though not on Linux. It's not available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy with multiplayer. It's out for PC and Mac. It has no Steam or Linux support.What is it about the PC games released in 2017 that makes you love them so much?Why makes PC games from 2017 so special in your opinion?I was curious, what is it about the PC games released in 2017 that you feel makes them so great?You said that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Generally speaking, do you dislike first person multiplayer games?Earlier you said that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is it frequent that you would avoid first person perspective games with multiplayer?I get that Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was no fun for you. Do you think the first person perspective was the problem, or perhaps the way multiplayer functioned?What contributed to your good opinion of Blizzard North's hack-and-slash RPGs?What is it about the hack-and-slash RPGs made by Blizzard North that you find fun to play?I'm wondering, what is it about the hack-and-slash RPGs that Blizzard North makes that makes you enjoy them?An adventure platformer puzzle game with good ratings is Little Nightmares. It was released recently in 2017 and does not have multiplayer.If you're into adventure platformers with puzzles, you'll love Little Nightmares. The game was released in 2017, and, though it doesn't have any multiplayer support, it's received some good ratings.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle platformer that came out in 2017. It has good ratings but does not support multiplayer.Crysis is a pretty good first person shooter with a lot of action and adventure. It was developed by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007.Crysis is a good action-adventure FPS developed by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007.Crysis by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007 is a first person action-adventure shooter with positive ratings.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a music game that lets you play in a first person perspective. It even has multiplayer, so you can play with your friends.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game that has multiplayer.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game with a multiplayer mode.What do you think is the most underrated game that was released in 2005?What's your favorite underrated game from 2005?In your view, what's the most underrated game that was released in 2005?The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was mostly just okay. It's your average indie-adventure title that came out in 2014. Be aware it's not a children's game, and has an M-rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter from 2014 is rated M. It's an average indie adventure game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game released in 2014. The game was reviewed as average and received an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).SpellForce 3 is a multiplayer, real-time strategy, role-playing game. It is out on PC, but does not have a release for Linux or Mac.A multiplayer RPG real-time strategy you can play with friends is SpellForce 3. It's only available on PC, but without Mac or Linux support.SpellForce 3 is a multiplayer game that was only released on PC. It is a role-playing real-time strategy that does not have Linux or Mac releases.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game that is played with a bird view. It's available on PlayStation and PC, but not on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game that can be played in bird view. Steam does not have this game. It is available for PlayStation and PC only.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird view RTS. It's available for PC and PlayStation. It is not available on Steam.What's a cheap game I can get on Steam right now?What cheap game that's on Steam right now would you suggest?Any games you know of on Steam that are cheap right now?Half-Life 2 is a shooter game released in 2004 on PlayStation, Xbox, as well as PC via Steam. It is also available for Linux and Mac and has excellent user ratings.Half-Life 2 is an excellent shooter game that was released in 2004. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Steam, and PC, with both Linux and Mac support.Half-Life 2 was released in 2004 as a shooter game. With excellent reviews, it also had a Linux and Mac release. Half-Life 2 is available on PC through Steam, and both PlayStation and Xbox consoles.Life is Strange is a role-playing game that was developed by Dontnod Entertainment for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was also released for Linux and Mac.Life is Strange is a role-playing game by Dontnod Entertainment. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and also has Linux and Mac releases.Life is Strange by Dontnod Entertainment is a role-playing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is out for Mac and Linux.Euro Truck Simulator is poorly-rated driving simulator. There is no multiplayer mode available.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving simulation game in my opinion. Unfortunately, it offers no multiplayer options.Euro Truck Simulator is a poorly rated driving simulator. It doesn't have multiplayer.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game played in third person. It is rated M (for Mature).Life is Strange is a good third person role-playing game. It has an M (for Mature) rating.A good M-rated role-playing game for mature players is Life is Strange. The entire game is in third person.Are you fond of any of the 2015 games that Psyonix developed, such as Rocket League?Have you tried playing any games by Psyonix that came out in 2015, like Rocket League?Are you into Psyonix? Have you tried out their 2015 hit Rocket League?Sid Meier's Civilization V is a PC only simulation and turn-based strategy game that you can play from a bird view perspective. It's even available on Mac and Linux.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy simulation game for the PC, Linux, and Mac. It offers a bird- view for perspective.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy game that gives the player a bird view of the playing field. This simulation game is currently available on PC, Linux and Mac.If you're looking for a sports simulation game geared toward the E 10+ rated crowd, NHL 15 is a bird view perspective game with average ratings.NHL 15 is a bird view sport simulation game that was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and had average reviews.NHL 15 was released with an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating. It's an average simulation sport game that is played from a bird view.You said that Football Manager 2015 was a fun time. Do you enjoy playing sports strategy simulators in a multiplayer mode, with friends?You said previously that you liked Football Manager 2015. Are you typically a fan of multiplayer simulation games featuring sports and strategy?I agree, playing Football Manager 2015 with friends online has been pretty fun. Do you normally like playing sports strategy simulations?NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game you can get on Steam. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game. It is available on all platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam.NBA 2K16 is a third person sport game. This game can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and can be downloaded from Steam.The Wolf Among Us is a good 2013 video game developed by Telltale Games, with a third person perspective. It is in the adventure, point-and-click genre, but has no multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us is an adventure title developed by Telltale Games and released in 2013. It takes place in third person view and uses a point-and-click style of game mechanics. It has received a good rating and is liked by most players. The game does not include a multiplayer mode.The Wolf Among Us is a good third person adventure game by TellTale games that was released in 2013. The game is point-and-click and cannot be played with other players.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie, hack-and-slash adventure game played in third person perspective. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam. It was not released on Linux or Mac.The hack-and-slash adventure game Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is played in the third person. This indie game is available through Steam and on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but lacks Linux or Mac releases.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a third person indie adventure, hack-and-slash game. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam. It does not have a version for Mac or Linux.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a pretty good game. The tactical strategy gameplay is fun, and the bird view perspective makes it easy to play.I've been enjoying playing Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. The bird view perspective makes it easy to play and enhances the strategic and tactical gameplay.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was a solid tactical strategy game, I especially enjoyed the bird view perspective.Super Mario World is a 1990 platformer with a side view by Nintendo EAD available for the Nintendo. It has multiplayer and is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is a side view platformer released in 1990 for the Nintendo platform. The game developed by Nintendo EAD offers multiplayer and is rated E (for Everyone).Nintendo's platformer Super Mario World, which was released back in 1990, is still a good choice for everyone according to the entertainment rating board. Developed by Nintendo EAD, the game offers a side view perspective and multiplayer features.I've been wondering, do you think your lukewarm feeling about Transport Tycoon had to do with it being released in 1994?You said that Transport Tycoon was so-so. Do you think that the other games released in 1994 are similarly mediocre?Before you told me that you have a somewhat take it or leave it attitude toward Transport Tycoon. Is this the case for all games from 1994?What would you say is the best looking game that came out in 2011?In your opinion, what is the best looking game that came out in 2011?What's the best looking game of 2011?Are you into third person sport games with vehicular combat like Rocket League?Would you like to try any third person sports games involving vehicular combat, such as Rocket League?I'm wondering, do you enjoy playing third person vehicular combat sport games, like Rocket League?You've mentioned games by Ubisoft Montreal to be pretty good. Why do you think that is?Why is it that games made by Ubisoft Montreal are games you find enjoyable?Why do you like games from Ubisoft Montreal?Mirror's Edge Catalyst was kind of mediocre in my view. The attempt to blend the action-adventure and fighting genres together wasn't really successful in my mind, but I appreciated the T rating.You usually don't see great action-adventure fighting games with a T rating, and I gotta say, Mirror's Edge Catalyst is no exception.I thought Mirror's Edge Catalyst was just OK. That seems to be common with action-adventure fighting games that are rated T (for Teen).The Last of Us by Naughty Dog is a 2013 third person action-adventure shooter. It has an M (for Mature) rating and is on the PlayStation.The Last of Us is a 2013 action-adventure shooter that was developed by Naughty Dog for the PlayStation. You can play this from a third person perspective. However, this game is rated M for mature audiences.Released only on PlayStation, The Last of Us is a third person action-adventure shooter from Naughty Dog. It came out in 2013 and is rated M (for Mature).Since you're into newer games from 2017, have you heard of Outlast II by Red Barrels?2017 saw some interesting games, in fact, even from Red Barrels. Have you not heard about Outlast II?Do you know about Outlast II? It's this great survival horror game from Red Barrels, that launched in 2017.Ah, do you mean the Little Big Adventure that's out on PC?Are you referring to Little Big Adventure that you play on PC?Are you referring to Little Big Adventure available on PC?An example of a good bird view, tactical strategy game is Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released in 1998.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy game that came out in 1998. The game is tactical and offers a bird view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good tactical strategy game from 1998. You can play this from a bird view perspective.You seem to enjoy those M rated games by Crytek Frankfurt. Have you played Crysis, by any chance?An M rated game developed by Crytek Frankfurt that I enjoyed recently was Crysis. Have you heard of it before?The other day I was playing Crysis, it's this nice M rated game from Crytek Frankfurt. Ever heard of it?Nightshade is a 2017 text adventure game with no multiplayer.Nightshade is a text adventure game that was released in 2017. This game does not feature multiplayer.Nightshade is a text adventure game that came out in 2017. There's no multiplayer option.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person action-adventure role-playing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is available on Steam too.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure RPG that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This third person game is available on Steam.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person action-adventure role-playing game. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available on Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is an all-around average multiplayer game from 2016, I would say.Normally I'm not into games like Tom Clancy's The Division, but this 2016 game is okay because it has multiplayer.Tom Clancy's The Division is merely OK, just like most 2016 games that rely on multiplayer.Naughty Dog has released some pretty interesting PlayStation games, such as Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Did you ever hear about it?Since you're into games from Naughty Dog on PlayStation, I'm wondering if you've checked out Uncharted 4: A Thief's End yet?Have you heard of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End? It's this PlayStation game from Naughty Dog.Need for Speed: Payback by Ghost Games is a poorly-rated racing game. It is rated T (for Teen) and was released in 2017.Need for Speed: Payback is a pretty poor racing game by Ghost Games released in 2017 with a T rating (for Teen).Ghost Games released Need for Speed: Payback, a racing game, in 2017. It has poor ratings and a T rating.If you don't mind me asking, have you ever played any of the SCS Software games available on Steam, such as Bus Driver?Do you like SCS Software's Steam games like Bus Driver?You ever played one of SCS Software's games on Steam, like for example Bus Driver?You mentioned liking Metro 2033. Are you usually a fan of games from 4A Games on Steam?You seem to have enjoyed playing Metro 2033. I'm curious, in general do you like the selection of games that 4A Games have available on Steam?You said that you liked Metro 2033. Do you generally like to play releases by 4A Games on Steam?What do you think is the ugliest game available on Steam right now?What's the ugliest game you've found on Steam so far?What do you think is the ugliest game ever released on Steam?There were some really interesting PC games released back in 1993, like Super Bomberman. Have you heard of it?There were definitely some good PC games released in 1993, like Super Bomberman. Have you played it before?I know you're a big PC fan. Have you ever tried any older games, for example Super Bomberman from 1993?Does Overkill Software have any games that are empowering?What do you think is a good example of an empowering game developed by Overkill Software?Ever played a game from Overkill Software you felt was empowering?The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt would be my recommendation since you like third person action-adventure role playing games. Did you try that one?Since you like action-adventure games from a third person perspective with role-playing elements, you should try this game I like, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?So, speaking of third person action-adventure RPGs, have you ever heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?My friends and I enjoy teaming up in Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. We like to group up in multiplayer when playing this tactical action game.I'm pretty into Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. I've always been a fan of multiplayer tactical action games.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was pretty good. I like tactical action games that I can play with my friends.You didn't care for Skyforge, if I remember right. Do you typically not enjoy titles developed by Allods Online?Do you usually dislike games from Allods Online, or is Skyforge just bad?You told me you dislike Skyforge. Do you feel like Allods Online makes a mess of games in general?Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent adventure platformer that came out in 2015 for PC and Xbox only. The puzzle game is played in side view and is on Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest is a great adventure side view platformer from 2015 that's full of puzzles to solve. You can get it on Steam for PC, or play it on Xbox.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent side view adventure puzzle platformer. This 2015 game is on Xbox and PC through Steam.Have you played any T rated games released in 2000, like for example The Sims?Do you have a good experience with any teen rated games that came out in 2000, just like The Sims?What do you think about rated T games from 2000, like The Sims?The Last of Us is downright excellent. Truly a unique exclusive on PlayStation, offering up a unique story in the shell of the generic action adventure shooter.The Last of Us is one of the best games I've played. I just loved the action-adventure shooter gameplay, and it's for the PlayStation which is by far my favorite platform.The Last of Us is simply awesome! I've always loved to play action-adventure shooter games on the PlayStation.I like games with a third person perspective, but so few games of any sort are released on Linux that I seldom play them. Fortunately, Life is Strange has both a third person perspective and a Linux release, so I enjoyed playing it a fair amount.I am very partial to Life is Strange. It's one of a selection of very enjoyable third person games released for the Linux OS.I liked Life is Strange quite a lot. It's a fun third person game, and it being on Linux is just a bonus.Do you like other PlayStation games, like Portal 2?Do you like PlayStation games like Portal 2?So have you ever played a game for the PlayStation, like for example Portal 2?Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action-shooter with average ratings. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, and for PC through Steam. The game received average ratings from players.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action FPS that released to average reviews on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam.God of War was released in 2018 and has an excellent user rating. It can be played only on PlayStation. It is a single-player, action-adventure, role-playing platformer game. It is played from the third person perspective. It is only rated for Mature audiences.God of War is an excellent action-adventure role-playing third person platformer that came out in 2018 for PlayStation. It doesn't have multiplayer and is rated M (for Mature).The 2018 God of War release for PlayStation is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing platformer. The game is played in third person view. It has a M (for mature) rating and does not support multiplayer.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a single-player action-adventure shooter, and it has poor ratings.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poorly-rated action-adventure shooter game. It has no multiplayer, limiting the enjoyability of the game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure shooter without multiplayer.I was wondering, have you ever played a game for the Nintendo, like for example Tetris?Do you like playing Nintendo games like Tetris?Have you played any games by Nintendo, such as Tetris?I don't normally like sports games in the driving/racing genre, but the multiplayer in Dirt: Showdown made it okay.Dirt: Showdown is an alright multiplayer sport racing game, nothing more.I tried Dirt: Showdown but thought it was run-of-the-mill. I expected more from a multiplayer sport racing game.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy game that was released in 2011 and has received average ratings. It and plays out from a bird's eye view, and is rated T (for Teen).Might & Magic: Heroes VI is rated T (for Teen). It is a role-playing turn-based strategy game that is played in bird view. This average game was released in 2011.In 2011, Might & Magic: Heroes VI, a decent role-playing turn-based strategy, was released. As it is standard with games like this, it has a bird view perspective. It is rated T (for Teen).Tom Clancy's The Division is a multiplayer, role-playing tactical shooter game available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It is not yet available on Linux or Mac.If you want to play a tactical shooter with your friends, you can give Tom Clancy's The Division a try. It has a role-playing aspect to it too. You can play the game multiplayer on PlayStation, Xbox, as well as PC. However, if you're a Linux or Mac user, you're out of luck. You can get in on Steam though if you have Windows.Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing, tactical shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with multiplayer support. The game is available on Steam, but has no Linux or Mac release.A sport racing game you can play in first or third person is Dirt: Showdown. It's been available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC since 2012. There's no Mac or Linux support.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that came out in 2012. It has a first person and third person player perspective. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that can be played in first person and third person view. It was released in 2012, and it can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was not released on Linux or Mac.Oh, do you mean the game without multiplayer, The Room?Please clarify, do you mean The Room that has no multiplayer?Are you asking about the single-player only The Room?The developer Guerrilla Games released Horizon: Zero Dawn in 2017. It is on the PlayStation platform and is a third person action-adventure, role-playing, shooter.Horizon: Zero Dawn was released as a PlayStation Exclusive by Guerrilla Games in 2017. It's an amazing action-adventure, third person shooter RPG.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure third person shooter that came out in 2017 by Guerrilla Games. This role-playing game is available for PlayStation only.I'm wondering, what would you say is the most tearjerking video game you know of?Have you ever played a game that was actually tearjerking?Do you remember any video games that were somewhat tearjerking?Euro Truck Simulator was a poor driving/racing simulation game for the PC and Mac, but not for Linux. You can get it on Steam, but keep in mind it has no multiplayer.Euro Truck Simulator driving/racing, simulation game with no multiplayer. It's out on PC, Steam, and Mac with no Linux release. It got poor reviews.If you like driving/racing simulators, try Euro Truck Simulator. It can be played on PC, and though it's received some poor ratings and doesn't have multiplayer support or a Linux release, it can be played on Mac as well and is available on Steam.Do you have a positive opinion on indie trivia/board games for PC, such as Small World 2?Do you think I would like the indie, trivia/board game, Small World 2 for PC?So do you enjoy playing PC games in the indie trivia/board game genre, such as Small World 2?You mentioned that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Are you generally fond of PlayStation games from Core Design?I remember the other day you said you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Are you fond of all PlayStation games made by Core Design?Earlier you mentioned liking the game Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. How about other games by Core Design for the PlayStation, do you like them as well?Have you given any games from Team17 Digital Ltd a try, such as that one, Worms: Reloaded?I wonder if you like games developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, for example, Worms: Reloaded?Do you have any experience with games made by Team17 Digital Ltd, like for example Worms: Reloaded?Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poorly rated single-player third person action-adventure shooter. Remedy Entertainment developed the game, and it is rated T (for Teen).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a single-player third person, action-adventure shooter developed by Remedy Entertainment. It has received poor reviews and has an ESRB rating of T (for Teen).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure game and third person shooter. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment and does not have multiplayer. It was rated T (for Teen).You may like Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia. It's a bird view turn-based strategy game with good reviews.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game that has been done in bird view perspective. This game has been rated good.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game. The game is rated good and takes place in a bird's eye view.Trivial Pursuit is a very low quality game. Electronic Arts is a terrible developer, and even worse, it came out in 2009 which was a horrible year for games.I think Trivial Pursuit is a bore. Electronic Arts had a very bad year in 2009.Man, the Trivial Pursuit game from 2009 was super disappointing. Electronic Arts really messed this up.I didn't think MotorStorm: Apocalypse was any good. But then, multiplayer PlayStation games are often boring, in my experience.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was a pretty bad game, even the local multiplayer couldn't salvage the experience, despite my friends all joining me on my PlayStation.I'm not a huge fan of MotorStorm: Apocalypse. The multiplayer mode turns me off, and I rarely use my PlayStation anymore.Multiplayer games can be very fun, but the side view perspective of Worms: Reloaded made it merely average in my opinion.Worms: Reloaded wasn't very good as far as side view games, but the multiplayer did manage to bump the quality up to decent-ish.Worms: Reloaded is merely okay. I like games that have multiplayer quite a bit, but the side view perspective holds the game back.2001's Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter.Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter from 2001.Max Payne is a good action- adventure shooter game that was released in 2001.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle shooter released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam, but does not currently have Linux or Mac support.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter with a good deal of puzzle solving that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is also available on Steam, though Linux and Mac do not support it.If you are into puzzle games, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter. It is runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but is not supported on Linux or Mac. It is available on Steam.A first person game released in 2017 that I enjoyed was Outlast II. Have you heard of it before?Do you like first person games? If so, I think you'd like 2017's Outlast II.Since you're into first person games and have enjoyed some games from 2017, do you know of Outlast II?If you like action-adventure tactical shooter games, then you should try the 2004 video game called Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater that uses the first person, third person, and bird view perspectives. Unfortunately, it does not have multiplayer. It has an excellent rating and is rated M (for Mature).Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent tactical action-adventure shooter from 2004. It's rated M (for Mature) and has a variety of perspectives such as bird view, first person, and third person. There's no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that came out in 2004 and is rated M (for Mature). The game offers bird view, first person and third person perspectives. The game does not have multiplayer.If you are interested in multiplayer trivia/board games for PlayStation or Nintendo, try Trivial Pursuit. It was developed by Electronic Arts and released in 2009.Trivial Pursuit was released in 2009 by Electronic Arts. It's a trivia/board game type game, that you can play in multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation and Nintendo.Trivial Pursuit came out in 2009 by Electronic Arts. The game is a trivia/board game with a multiplayer function that is available on PlayStation and Nintendo.If you like racing and driving games, then you should try the 2005 video game called Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It has a good rating and is rated by the ESRB as T (for Teen).2005's Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a fun racing game that was rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game. It came out in 2005 and is rated T (for Teen).God of War is an excellent action-adventure platformer game for PlayStation. This third person role-playing game has no multiplayer functionality.If you like single-player role-playing games, God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure platformer. It runs exclusively on PlayStation.God of War is an excellent action-adventure role-playing game for the PlayStation. This platformer is played in the third person and has no multiplayer mode.You mentioned that you enjoyed playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. In general, do you enjoy playing games for the PlayStation?I wonder, since you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, are you a fan of PlayStation games?I seem to recall that you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Do you prefer playing games on the PlayStation?I loved The Last of Us. Third person multiplayer games are always super fun.The Last of Us is simply incomparable! I've always loved third person perspective multiplayer games.The Last of Us is truly a masterpiece. Just an amazing third person game, made even better by a great multiplayer component.Are you talking about the Might & Magic: Heroes VI that was released for the PC in 2011?Do you mean the 2011 PC game, Might & Magic: Heroes VI?You're talking about the 2011 PC game Might & Magic: Heroes VI, is that correct?You could tell Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was rated teen. Just cool enough to not be for kids and just mediocre enough to not be for adults.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an ultimately average T-rated entry in the series.I didn't waste my time playing Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, but it didn't blow me away either. I think that T rated games like it just lack the edge needed to make them truly great.Have you ever played any Beenox games like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Have you given Beenox's games a try? They've made games like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits.So I was wondering now, have you played any games developed by Beenox, you know, games like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Layers of Fear is a first person indie adventure point-and-click game. The game doesn't feature multiplayer and has been given a poor rating.An indie single-player adventure game to avoid is Layers of Fear. It is a poor first person point-and-click game.Layers of Fear is an indie adventure point-and-click game that has been rated poorly. It is a first person game with no multiplayer.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game that was released in 2005 for the Nintendo, it was rated E (for everyone) and received an overall average rating.Metroid Prime Pinball is a decent pinball puzzle game that came out in 2005. It's available on Nintendo consoles, and is rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is an average 2005 pinball puzzle game for Nintendo, which is rated E (for Everyone).Madden NFL 15 is so-so in my opinion. 2014 was just overall an average year for games, and it's a good example of that.Madden NFL 15 was a pretty average sports game for 2014.Madden NFL 15 felt like an only average entry, released back in 2014.Are you talking about Ori and the Blind Forest, which has no multiplayer mode?Is it the Ori and the Blind Forest that you're talking about the one that doesn't have any multiplayer?Do you mean the Ori and the Blind Forest without multiplayer?What is so much fun about a Teen rated game without the availability of multiplayer?I'm curious, why is it that so many of your favorite games are T rated single-player games?What do you find so amazing about T rated single-player games?Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was a surprisingly good game when I picked it up for the PlayStation. It definitely pushed that T rating though.I like PlayStation games that go for a T rating to balance being family friendly and having mature themes, so I enjoyed Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation.I like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It's on PlayStation which is my favorite system and the T rating means it's got a nice balance between being family-friendly and dealing with mature themes.What's so excellent about Ninja Theory's third person games?Why do you absolutely love Ninja Theory's third person video games?Why are the third person games made by Ninja Theory some of your favorite games ever?Do you have any experience playing games for the PlayStation, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you ever play PlayStation games, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you like games on PlayStation, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you play M rated Xbox games, such as Max Payne?Do you like M rated games on the Xbox like Max Payne?Do you ever play games rated M (for Mature) on your Xbox, such as Max Payne?The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game with no multiplayer support.For an indie adventure game with a single-player experience only, check out The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a single-player indie adventure game.If you want a hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG, you can get Skyforge on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is poorly-rated, however. It is not available on Mac or Linux.Skyforge is an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG with poor ratings. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported for Linux or Mac.Skyforge is an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG that received poor ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with no Linux or Mac release.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter game available for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac. You can get it on Steam.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. No Linux or Mac releases though.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not supported on Linux or Mac, but it is available on Steam.Anthem is an upcoming game from BioWare that is expected to release on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on February 22, 2019. It is an action-adventure role-playing shooter game in third person.If you like role-playing games, Anthem by BioWare is a third person action-adventure shooter game. It is expected to be out on February 22, 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Anthem, developed by BioWare, is a third person action-adventure, role-playing shooter game. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is expected to be released on February 22, 2019.Ori and the Blind Forest by Moon Studios is a single-player adventure, puzzle platformer. It has excellent ratings.Ori and the Blind Forest is a fantastic adventure platformer with puzzles that has been developed by Moon Studios. The game doesn't have multiplayer support.Ori and the Blind Forest does not support multiplayer, but is an excellent adventure puzzle platformer. It was developed by Moon Studios.Can you think of a poorly balanced sport simulation game?What's the most poorly balanced sport simulator you know of?Do you know of a sport simulator game out there that is rather poorly balanced?Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good rated strategy, tactical PC game that is available on Steam. It has a T rating (For Teen) and is played from a bird's eye view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a fun bird view strategy-tactical game for PC. It is rated T (for Teen), and is available on Steam.A good PC game, suitable for teenagers and available on Steam, is Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It is a tactical strategy that you play from a bird view perspective.How come you find role-playing games rated M entertaining?What is it that you like about M rated RPGs?What is it about M rated RPGs that makes you enjoy them like you do?Bus Driver is a lackluster indie driving simulation game. It was released on the PC and is available on Steam. Though it does not support Linux and Mac, it is rated E (for everyone).Bus Driver is an indie driving simulation with overall negative ratings. It is rated E (for Everyone), and is available on PC, as well as Steam. However, it does not run on Mac or Linux.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulation game. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and is for PC only. This game is available on Steam, but not for Mac or Linux.Now I have to ask, have you played any 1993 Hudson Soft games, such as Super Bomberman?What do you think about games from Hudson Soft, like the 1993 game Super Bomberman?Just curious, what do you think of games by Hudson Soft released in 1993, such as Super Bomberman?Blizzard Entertainment created an excellent real-time strategy game called Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos that also provides bird view.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos from Blizzard Entertainment is an excellent real-time strategy that you play from a bird view perspective.Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy game with a bird view perspective.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game from 2009. Though it has received some low ratings, you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits from 2009 is a poorly rated game. It's a first person music game that came out on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a 2009 first person music game for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. It has poor ratings.Need for Speed: The Run by Firebrand Games is a first and third person driving/racing game that came out in 2011.Need for Speed: The Run is a racing game from Firebrand Games released on 2011. You can drive in a first person and third person perspective.Need for Speed: The Run is a racing game developed by Firebrand Games in 2011. The game offers both first person and third person perspectives.I had fun playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. I generally like playing games from Steam on my PC.I like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It's one of the better games for the PC available on Steam.I really enjoyed playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. A fun PC game, and on Steam to boot!The game Need for Speed: Payback, available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, is an option for third person driving/racing enthusiasts. However, it has poor reviews and does not feature Linux or Mac options.Need for Speed: Payback is a third person driving/racing game with poor ratings. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not on Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Payback was rated poorly. It is a third person driving/racing game with no release on Mac or Linux. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.I think that vehicular combat sports games can be fun as long as they have multiplayer, which is why I enjoy Rocket League.Rocket League is a good multiplayer game which, interestingly, features sports crossed with vehicle combat.I quite enjoy Rocket League, as I'm fond of multiplayer sport vehicular combat games.Get ready to play the highly rated 2002 game by Illusion Softworks, Mafia. Fight your way through in third person combat, shooting and driving.If you are looking for a shooter game that also has driving, racing and fighting you'll enjoy 2002's Mafia. You'll play in third person and the game has an excellent rating which is a solid nod to its developer Illusion Softworks.If you like Illusion Softworks' stuff, check out their 2002 game, Mafia. It's a third person driving, shooting and fighting game with excellent reviews.Have you found any games on Steam fun, like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Do you ever buy games from Steam, you know, like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Okay so now I'm curious, have you ever played a game on Steam, like for example Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Small World 2 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game for multiplayer.The indie game, Small World 2, is poor choice according to ratings as it fills a rather old-style trivia/board game genre. It does, however, boast multiplayer features.Small World 2 is a poor indie trivia/board game that features multiplayer.Rocket League is a vehicular combat sports game. It's a multiplayer game and was developed by Psyonix.Rocket League by Psyonix is a multiplayer vehicular combat sports game.Rocket League, developed by Psyonix, can be played multiplayer by those who enjoy vehicular combat or sports games.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure and puzzle game that does not have a multiplayer option.Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure, puzzle game in third person. Though it doesn't have multiplayer, it has received excellent ratings.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure single-player puzzle game.Silent Hill 2 was released in 2001 by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It's a single-player action-adventure puzzle game.Silent Hill 2, by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, is an action-adventure puzzle game that, unfortunately, lacks a multiplayer mode. It came out in 2001.If you're interested in an action-adventure, puzzle game try Silent Hill 2 released in 2001 by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The game has no multiplayer.Do you like 4A Games' titles on Xbox such as Metro 2033?So I was wondering, have you played any of the Xbox games that were developed by 4A Games, like for instance Metro 2033?Do you also like any Xbox games by 4A Games such as Metro 2033?Why is it you always seem to have fun playing E 10+ games that are available on Mac?So I wonder, why is that games rated E 10+ often make it to your repertoire, especially when available on Mac?What do you like about E 10+ games released on Mac?If you're in the market for a driving or racing game to play with your friends, Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a game to buy. It is available for the following platforms: PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, although you will neither find it on Steam, nor on Mac or Linux systems. In the game, you can switch between first and third person view.You should try Need for Speed: Most Wanted, it's a driving game with first and third person views for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. Though it's not on Steam, Mac, or Linux, there is multiplayer.If you like multiplayer racing and driving games that use both first person and third person perspectives then you should try Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It is released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC but unfortunately is not released on Linux or Mac and is not available on Steam.Are you talking about Need for Speed: The Run, the multiplayer game?Are you talking about the Need for Speed: The Run that has multiplayer?Is this the Need for Speed: The Run with a multiplayer?You said that you liked Far Cry 3 a fair amount. Do you playing a lot of action-adventure first person shooters?Previously you told me that you like to play Far Cry 3. Does it mean you are fond of first person shooter games with lots of action and adventure in general?You said earlier that you liked Far Cry 3. Are you often fond of first person action-adventure shooting games?Are you talking about Diablo II, the multiplayer game?Are you talking about Diablo II, one of the best multiplayer games?Are you talking about the Diablo II that has multiplayer?Super Bomberman is considered an average action strategy game for Nintendo and PC that was released in 1993. It is not currently available on Steam.Super Bomberman is an action strategy game, released in 1993 on Nintendo and PC. It has an average rating, and is not available on Steam.Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game made for Nintendo and PC in 1993. It is not available on Steam.I remember you expressing excitement about Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you a fan of many other single-player PlayStation games?You said that you really like Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Is this common for single-player games on PlayStation?You told me that you loved Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you commonly pretty fond of single-player games on PlayStation?Battlefield V is an action first person shooter game with an excpected release on October 16, 2018. It will be available for multiple platforms: PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Battlefield V is an action-based first person shooter set to release October 16, 2018. It will be available on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Battlefield V is an upcoming first person action shooter you can play on most platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It will be released on October 16, 2018.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game from 2016. The game is from an entirely first person perspective. It was launched in 2016 by SUPERHOT Team.Superhot, released in 2016 by developer SUPERHOT Team, is an indie tactical shooter played in first person view.Superhot is an indie, tactical, first person shooter developed by SUPERHOT Team and released in 2016.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game with multiplayer available, and rated T (for Teen). It launched in 2005 to good reviews, and supports first and third person perspective.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good multiplayer racing game from 2005. It had a first and third person perspective and was rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game that came out in 2005 and can be played multiplayer. The game is rated T (for Teen) and can be played in either the first person or the third person.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure shooter RPG by BioWare, released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2010. The game is played from third person perspective and is rated M (for Mature).Another action-adventure role-playing shooter game was Mass Effect 2 from BioWare. It was released in 2010 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. You play the game from the third person perspective, and it is rated M (for Mature).BioWare's M-rated game Mass Effect 2 came out in 2010. It is a third person perspective role-playing shooter. This action-adventure game is available to play on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent third person, action-adventure shooting game. It was developed by Naughty Dog and exclusively released on the PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was developed by Naughty Dog. It's an excellent action-adventure shooter game that you play from the third person perspective. You can get it for PlayStation only.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was a game made by Naughty Dog exclusively for PlayStation. The game is a third person, action-adventure shooter with excellent reviews.If you're looking for a third person perspective game with gritty, adult content, I know of one. Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?If you're looking for a gritty third person game with an M rating, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an option. Have you heard of it?A third-person M-rated game that I enjoyed was The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you played it?Might & Magic: Heroes VI is so-so. I like that it's on Steam, but I just think the bird view perspective is annoying.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was just a so-so game, I feel. I like the convenience of it being on Steam, but I just don't like the bird view perspective it used.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is just an average game featuring a bird view perspective lacking any novelty whatsoever, although you can get it on Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest is an amazing adventure puzzle-platformer, just flawless. It really feels like a cute kids movie, like you'd expect with an E rating.I really loved Ori and the Blind Forest. I can a play it with my kids because it's rated E (for Everyone) and my whole family loves adventures, platformers, and puzzle games.I think that Ori and the Blind Forest is an amazing game. It's E rating means all ages can play it, and its adventure puzzle platformer gameplay makes it a blast to play.The indie driving sim, Bus Driver, is a PC-only game that is available on Steam.Bus Driver is an indie driving sim that you can get on Steam for PC.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulation game available on PC. You can also get it on Steam.Is there a game you played lately that was quick-to-learn?Do you know of any quick-to-learn games?Can you suggest a quick-to-learn game?Portal 2 is a downright excellent first person game, with an amazing multiplayer experience to boot.Portal 2 is absolutely amazing. The first person perspective makes it a blast to play, and the multiplayer in it is also really fun.I've been having an absolute blast playing Portal 2. First person games are always my favorite, but the multiplayer makes it even better.You seem to enjoy Ubisoft Montreal's M rated games like Assassin's Creed II, does that sound right?I know you said earlier that Assassin's Creed II was quite good. Would you say you're a fan of M rated games developed by Ubisoft Montreal?You like Assassin's Creed II right? Assassin's Creed II is created by Ubisoft Montreal, I heard it is rated M, right?Rise of the Tomb Raider is a good action-adventure shooter that is available on Steam. It was released by Crystal Dynamics in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC and was rated M (for Mature).Rise of the Tomb Raider is a good action-adventure shooting game developed by Crystal Dynamics and originally released in 2015. The game has an M (for Mature) rating and is available on PlayStation and Xbox, and on PC through the Steam platform.If you are interested in a good action-adventure shooter, then try Rise of the Tomb Raider. It came out in 2015 by Crystal Dynamics and is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This M (for Mature) game is also on Steam.You've mentioned how bad Small World 2 was. Do you just not enjoy indie games in the trivia/board game genre at all?If I remember correctly, you didn't like Small World 2. Is it the indie trivia/board genre that you don't find fun?Do you tend to be disappointed by indie trivia/board games, or was it just Small World 2?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a decent sports game. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. It isn't available on Linux or Steam, but you can play it on your Mac.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average sports title. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo platforms, Linux, Mac and PC. Astonishingly it is not available on Steam but must be installed to PC.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average sports game. It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It doesn't have any Steam or Linux support.What do you think of Xbox games by CD Projekt RED, such as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Are you fond of CD Projekt RED's Xbox games, like for example The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Are you into games on the Xbox? If you are, you should check out CD Projekt RED's The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.Is this Silent Hill 2 you mentioned the action-adventure puzzle game that got released for the Xbox?I guess you're talking about the Xbox action-adventure puzzle game Silent Hill 2?Oh do you mean the action-adventure puzzle game on Xbox, Silent Hill 2?Do you mean Anthem that is a third person action-adventure and role-playing shooter?Is the Anthem you're talking about the third person action-adventure shooter RPG?Are you talking about the third person action-adventure shooter RPG, Anthem?Far Cry 3 is a multiplayer action-adventure first person shooter. It is rated M (for Mature), and was released in 2012.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure first person shooter. It was developed in 2012 with multiplayer features. It is rated M (for Mature).Far Cry 3 is a first person action-adventure shooter with a multiplayer component to it. It was released in 2012 and is rated M (for Mature).Do you mean the Ancient Cities which is a strategy simulator?Do you mean the strategy sim Ancient Cities?Do you mean the simulation strategy game, Ancient Cities?What's the oldest video game you ever played?What is the oldest game that you fancy?What's the oldest game you like?Is the Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice you're talking about the one that came out in 2017 and was developed by Ninja Theory?Is that the Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice developed by Ninja Theory and released in 2017?Oh, do you mean the 2017 game from Ninja Theory, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice?A Way Out is an action-adventure title that came out in 2018. It's available on PC, PlayStation, and Xbox, but you won't find it on Steam, nor does it run on Linux or Mac.A Way Out is an action-adventure game released in 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is not available on Steam, and does not have releases for Linux or Mac.A Way Out is an action-adventure game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2018. However, it isn't available on Steam, and has no Linux or Mac release.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, is a good action-adventure, puzzle shooter game for the PlayStation and PC. You can get it on Steam. There is no multiplayer mode.If you're looking for a good action-adventure shooter for PlayStation and PC, you might want to check out Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It mixes puzzle and shooter elements. It doesn't have online multiplayer, but you can get it on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure, puzzle shooter game that has been released on the PlayStation and PC. It is available on Steam for download. Though it doesn't support multiplayer, it still received an overall good rating.Do you like games available on the Nintendo, such as Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Do you ever play Nintendo games, such as Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?So now I'm curious, have you ever played a game for Nintendo, like for example Guitar Hero: Smash Hits?Are you talking about Superhot, the single-player game that came out in 2016?Do you mean Superhot, the single-player game from 2016?Is the Superhot you're referring to the single-player game that came out in 2016?Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy game that was released in 2002 by Blizzard Entertainment. It is a bird view perspective multiplayer game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was developed by Blizzard Entertainment, and was released in 2002. It is an excellent real-time strategy game that is played from a bird view. It can be played in a multiplayer mode.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy multiplayer game that was released in 2002 by Blizzard Entertainment. It has a bird's eye view and received excellent reviews.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really good multiplayer game, though it is rated E10+ so it might not be best for small children.Sid Meier's Civilization V is pretty fun. The E 10+ rating means the content isn't too extreme, and the multiplayer is also enjoyable.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good game, especially because I can play with my kids since it's multiplayer and rated E 10+.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure role-playing shooter for PlayStation, and it has excellent ratings.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure RPG with shooter elements. You can play it now on PlayStation.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure role-playing shooter game that is available on PlayStation.Does Valve Corporation have any funny games they've made?Do you know of any games developed by Valve Corporation that are funny?Do you know of a funny game developed by Valve Corporation?Layers of Fear is an indie first person adventure point-and-click game. It's available on Steam, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, or PC.Layers of Fear is a first person point-and-click adventure game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. This indie game is also available on Steam.Layers of Fear is an indie first person point-and-click game involving adventure, which can be played on numerous systems, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch or PC. It is available for download on the Steam platform too.You seem to find all Mac releases unacceptable, why is that?What is it about games that have a Mac release that makes you hate them?What is it about Mac games that you find so disappointing?Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing simulation game developed by SCS Software. The game was released for PC and is currently available on Steam, but Linux and Mac are not supported. It is a single-player only game.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulation game developed by SCS Software. It is only released for PC and does not have multiplayer. You can download it on Steam, but with no Linux or Mac versions.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulator with no multiplayer in it. It was developed by SCS Software for PC and Steam. It has yet to see any Linux or Mac release.You said that you were super into Silent Hill 2. Do you normally like rocking 2001 games on the PlayStation?You mentioned earlier that you love Silent Hill 2. Are you typically fond of PlayStation games from 2001?You mentioned how much you adored Silent Hill 2. I'm curious, do you feel similarly about the PlayStation games released in 2001 in general?Little Big Adventure is a decent action-adventure game. Sadly, it is not multiplayer and will be hard to find, since it came out in 1994.Little Big Adventure is a single-player action-adventure game from 1994, and it has average ratings.If you like action-adventure games then you should try the 1994 video game called Little Big Adventure. It has an average rating but unfortunately has no multiplayer.What's the most epic single-player game that you played recently?What's one epic single-player game you can think of?Can you recommend any single-player games with epic storylines?The action-adventure game from 1994, Little Big Adventure, was rated T (for Teen). This game is played from a third person view, has no multiplayer, and received only average ratings.Little Big Adventure is an average third person action-adventure game released in 1994. It is rated T (for Teen) and does not feature multiplayer.Little Big Adventure is an average third person action-adventure rated T (for Teen). Released in 1994, the game does not have a multiplayer option.Payday 2 on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC is a multiplayer shooter RPG with average ratings. It is available on Steam.Payday 2 is a role-playing shooter game that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC. It is available on Steam. It can be played multiplayer. It has an average rating.Payday 2 is an average-rated role-playing and shooter game released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam, and it has multiplayer capabilities.Have you played Need for Speed: The Run? I think your mom would be OK with it since it's rated T (for Teen).So you talked about games with a T (for Teen) ESRB rating, so I wonder, have you played Need for Speed: The Run?Speaking of good games that are rated T (for Teen), how about you have a look at Need for Speed: The Run?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 by Neversoft Entertainment was an average sport game. It was released in 2001 is rated T. It has a third person perspective.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average third person sport game that is rated T (for Teen). It was developed by Neversoft Entertainment and was released in 2001.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average third person sports game that came out in 2001. It was developed by Neversoft Entertainment and rated T (for Teen).NBA 2K16 was pretty fun. I always like multiplayer sports games.I'm always down for another multiplayer sport game, so I found playing NBA 2K16 to be a pretty fun time.I had a fun time with NBA 2K16. Sports games that you can play with your friends through multiplayer are always a good time.I think that games with a bird view perspective can be pretty fun if executed well, and fortunately, Pyro Studios is a competent developer. That's why I enjoyed playing Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines.I think that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a pretty good game. Pyro Studios knows how to make games that play well from a bird view perspective like it.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good came with a bird view that came from the exemplary Pyro Studios.When you mention Might & Magic: Heroes VI, do you mean the PC game with a bird view perspective?Oh, Might & Magic: Heroes VI, that bird's eye view game on PC?Is this the Might & Magic: Heroes VI with a bird's eye view, released for the PC?I think that StarCraft is pretty good. Real-time strategy games are generally fun, and it even has a Mac release.StarCraft is really something different. It's an impactful RTS, and thanks to its Mac port, I got a chance to play it recently and it is truly good.I enjoy real-time strategies, but unfortunately, so many of them aren't playable on a Mac. That's one of the reasons I rather liked StarCraft since it was an RTS that actually had a Mac release.What do you think is a really bizarre game?What's a game you know of that you would describe as totally bizarre?Have you ever encountered a video game that struck you as plain bizarre?Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris came out in 2014 and is an average action-adventure puzzle rated T (for Teen). The shooter game is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, while also being available on Steam.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a decent 2014 action-adventure puzzle shooter. It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is T (for Teen). It is also available on Steam.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average puzzler action-adventure shooter game that was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. The game is rated T (for Teen).If I remember correctly, you're into third person games. Have you played Madden NFL 15 by any chance?If you're a fan of third person games, you've gotta play Madden NFL 15. Have you heard of that one?Since you like third person perspective games, have you tried Madden NFL 15?So Guitar Hero: Smash Hits didn't jive for you. Are you not a fan of how Beenox handles the music genre?You said earlier that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Are you generally not fond of music games from Beenox?I remember hearing that you think Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is not your cup of tea. Is this pretty much the case for all music games developed by Beenox?What is it about adventure platformers with puzzles that you find so enjoyable?What is it you find interesting about adventure platformers with puzzles?I'm curious, what is it about adventure puzzle platformers that you enjoy?Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is a tactical action-adventure shooter with no multiplayer. It is rated M (for Mature) and was released in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater came out in 2004 as a single-player game only. It's a tactical shooter rated M (for Mature) with a lot of action and adventure.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was released in 2004. It's a tactical game that plays out as an action-adventure shooter with no multiplayer support. It's rated M (for Mature).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing, puzzle game. It is rated E, but has no multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a action-adventure, puzzle, role-playing game that is rated E (for Everyone), though it doesn't have multiplayer it has received overall excellent ratings.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game. The role-playing game is rated E (for Everyone) but has no multiplayer option.Are you a fan of third person PlayStation games like NBA 2K16?Would you say you're a fan of third person games for PlayStation, such as NBA 2K16?Have you played any third person games for the PlayStation, like NBA 2K16?Have you had a chance to play Evolution Studios' new third person game MotorStorm: Apocalypse?How do you feel about Evolution Studios' third person games like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Ever had any experience with one of Evolution Studios' third person perspective games, like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?What do you find lacking about sports games stamped with a teen content rating?Why is your opinion about T rated sports games that they're unimpressive?Why do you feel that T rated sports games are in general merely okay?Assassin's Creed II is a good third person action-adventure platformer.For an action-adventure and platformer game title that has good ratings with a third person perspective, check out Assassin's Creed II.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure platformer with a third person perspective.You said that Tetris was one of your all time favorite games. Was 1986 a great year for Nintendo games overall, or was it just this game?I remember how much you dug Tetris from 1986. Is this sentiment common for most games on Nintendo?I understand that you really enjoy Tetris. Do you like a lot of other Nintendo games from 1986?If you are looking for a good third person action-adventure shooter that has puzzles, try Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It is available on PlayStation and PC, and you can get it on Steam. There is no multiplayer mode, though.Another single-player action-adventure puzzle game with good ratings is Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It's a third person shooter on PlayStation and PC, which is also available on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good third person action-adventure shooter with puzzles that was released for PlayStation and PC and is currently available on Steam. It does not feature multiplayer.Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulator that has been released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, including the Linux processor but not the Mac. It is rated E (for Everyone).Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulator rated E (for Everyone). It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC (with Linux support), but not on Mac.Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulation game rated E (for Everyone). It is on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux. It has no Mac support.Do you know of any frightening games that are available on Linux?I'm looking for a frightening game that I can play on Linux, is there one you could recommend to me?Are there any really frightening games on Linux?How do you feel about third person sports games like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?I'm wondering if you like third person sport games, such as Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?I was wondering if you like playing third person sports games, such as Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3.Why is it that you feel third person sports games are overall just average?Why don't you find third person sports games much fun to play?What do you miss in sports games with a third person perspective?Diablo II is a good game, I'd say. Blizzard North makes quality content, and the fact that it actually has a Mac release is nice.Oh man, I miss the old Blizzard North, Diablo II is a game that in many respects hasn't been rivaled. And thankfully, it's out on Mac too!Blizzard North is mostly an okay developer, but they released Diablo II for the Mac and so that pushes the game from okay to good in my view.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie title that is a third person hack-and-slash adventure game. It does not have any multiplayer modes. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with it also being available on Steam. It is rated M (for Mature).If you like indie hack-and-slash games, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent single-player third person adventure game. It is rated M (for Mature). It is available on Steam, and it runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is supposedly an excellent indie adventure hack-and-slash game for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This third person game is available on Steam but does not feature multiplayer. It is rated M (for Mature).Madden NFL 15 is a decent sport simulation game with both a bird's eye and a third person view. The game was released in 2014 for the PlayStation and Xbox consoles only.Madden NFL 15 is a decent third person sports simulation game that allows you to play from a bird view perspective too. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox consoles only.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation from a bird view and third person. It came out in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox.I'm looking for a really cheerful music game, is there one you would recommend to me?What's a music game that you played that you thought was cheerful?What's a cheerful music game I should pick up?Euro Truck Simulator is a 2008 first person driving simulator. It is poorly rated and made for PC only, while available on Steam.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving simulator from a first person perspective. The game came out in 2008, and is only available on PC. You can, of course, get it on Steam.2008's driving simulation game, Euro Truck Simulator, has relatively poor ratings. Th game is played in the first person and is available on PC via Steam.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an adventure shooter game that is being released on September 14, 2018 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can play this from a third person perspective.If you like third person adventure shooters, look for the new Shadow of the Tomb Raider, set to be released September 14, 2018. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a third person shooting game where players get to explore and have wild adventure. It will be available on September 14, 2018 for Xbox, PlayStation, and PC.Mafia is an excellent driving/racing and fighting third person shooter that was out in 2002 with an M (for Mature) rating.In 2002 an excellent game called Mafia was released. It is a third person shooting, fighting and driving game. It is an adult game that's rated M (for Mature).If you like games with fighting, Mafia is an excellent game that is rated M (for Mature). It is a third person driving/racing shooter from 2002.What do you enjoy about Blizzard North's Mac games?What is it about the Blizzard North games that have gotten a Mac release that you find enjoyable?How do you find playing Blizzard North games fun on Mac?Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Linux, and Mac. The game doesn't offer multiplayer support.Half-Life 2 is a single-player first person shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is supported both on Linux and Mac.The single-player first person shooter, Half-Life 2, can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. There is both a Linux and a Mac release.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure game with shooter elements available on Steam. It's out on PlayStation, PC, and Mac, but not Linux.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter game that is available on PC and PlayStation. The game is also available on Steam and supported on Mac, though not on Linux.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an action-adventure shooter played in a third person view. It can only be played on PlayStation or PC, with additional Mac support, not Linux though. You can purchase it on Steam.Released in 1998, Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game with multiplayer capabilities and rated suitable for teens.Hey, try the multiplayer tactical strategy game, Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, from 1998. It's rated T (for Teen).Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a 1998 tactical game that involves strategy. The game offers multiplayer and is rated T (for Teen).Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter game by Remedy Entertainment. As a multiplatform developer, Remedy Entertainment created the game to be available on PlayStation, Xbox, Mac, and PC. It is available on Steam but does not have a Linux release.Max Payne by Remedy Entertainment is an action-adventure shooter that is out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. It is available on Steam; however, it is not released on Linux.Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter developed by Remedy Entertainment. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam, as well as Mac. There is no Linux release of Max Payne.Need for Speed: Shift was developed by Slightly Mad Studios, and was released with an E (for Everyone) rating. It's a driving/racing simulation game. It has a multiplayer option, and can be played in either first person, or third person.Need for Speed: Shift by Slightly Mad Studios is a driving sim rated E (for Everyone). There's first and third person views and multiplayer.Need for Speed: Shift is a first person and third person driving/racing simulator with multiplayer. It was developed by Slightly Mad Studios and rated E (for Everyone).If you like turn-based strategy role-playing games, I would suggest trying out Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne that came out in 2002. It is rated T (for Teen). In this multiplayer game, the player gets a bird view perspective.The turn-based role-playing strategy game, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, is a good choice for teenagers as it features multiplayer action with a T rating. It was released in 2002 and offers a bird view game play perspective.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne from 2002 has a bird view and is multiplayer. It is a role-playing, turn-based strategy game and is rated T (for Teen).Why don't you like single-player PC games?Why is it that you hate PC games that don't have multiplayer?Why is it that you don't like single-player only PC games?Assassin's Creed II is an action-adventure game released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The single-player experience was released for Mac but does not offer a Linux release. Critical reception was good for the platformer.The action-adventure platformer Assassin's Creed II is considered a good game and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Mac and PC. It was not released on Linux, and there is no multiplayer mode.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure platformer, but it doesn't have multiplayer. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac, but not Linux.Tarsier Studios developed a puzzle, adventure, platformer game called Little Nightmares. There is a Linux version but it's not available for Mac and it can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle platformer that was developed by Tarsier Studios. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, PC as well as Linux, though it doesn't have a Mac release as well.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle game by Tarsier Studios. The platformer game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The title is not available on Mac, but can be played on Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a good game that was developed by Ubisoft Montreal. It is an action-adventure platformer rated M (for Mature). It does not have multiplayer.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure platformer, but does not have a multiplayer. It was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and is rated M (for Mature).A fun action-adventure platformer I played is Assassin's Creed II, developed by Ubisoft Montreal. The game has no multiplayer mode, and it is for mature audiences only.Ori and the Blind Forest is out on Xbox and PC, but it is not on Linux or Mac. It's an excellent adventure, puzzle platformer with a side view. It was released in 2015.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent adventure platformer game that came out in 2015. This puzzle game is played from the side view perspective for Xbox and PC. You can't play this game on Linux or Mac.Ori and the Blind Forest was released in 2015, and it is an excellent side view adventure, puzzle platformer. It runs on Xbox and PC, but it is not out on Linux or Mac.Core Design, the developers of the action-adventure shooter game Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, used a third person perspective in this game. The PlayStation and PC game also has a Mac version, but no Linux release.If you want a third person action-adventure shooter, try Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, developed by Core Design. You can get it on PlayStation and PC. There is a Mac release, but not Linux.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness by Core Design is a third person action-adventure shooter. It runs on PlayStation and PC, including Mac, but it is not released on Linux.Earlier you mentioned that you found Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris to be average. Do you commonly find PC games from Crystal Dynamics average?I know you didn't love or hate Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel similarly about other Crystal Dynamics games on PC?So if I remember right, you feel that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is thoroughly average in quality. Do you feel the same about the rest of Crystal Dynamics' PC game lineup?I know you felt that Driver was mostly just average in quality. Would you say that the selection of driving/racing simulators on Mac leaves a lot to be desired?I know you are not the biggest fan of Driver, but do you generally feel ambivalent towards most driving/racing simulators on Mac?You said you were ambivalent towards Driver. Is this the case for all driving and racing simulations on Mac?What is it about M rated PlayStation games you love so much?Why do you think that M rated games available for the PlayStation tend to be so amazing?Why are you such a big fan of all M rated games on the PlayStation?What's a game whose quality you found surprising?Did you find any games really surprising when you first tried them?What game turned out to be really surprising when you played it?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory by Ubisoft Montreal is an action-tactical multiplayer game. It came out in 2005 and is rated M (for Mature). It is set in both first person and third person.In 2005 Ubisoft Montreal released Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, a multiplayer tactical action game rated M (for Mature). It allows you to switch between first and third person view.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game by Ubisoft Montreal that was released in 2005. It supports both first person and third person game play, as well as multiplayer. It received an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is a real-time strategy sim that is available on the PC. However, it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is an RTS sim for PC. There are no Linux or Mac releases.Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is a real-time strategy simulation game for PC, but it is not supported on Linux or Mac.An option for a role-playing and turn-based strategy game would be Might & Magic: Heroes VI, which was released in 2011 with average ratings. The developer Black Hole Entertainment created the game with bird view perspective. It is rated T (for Teen).The turn-based role-playing strategy game Might & Magic: Heroes VI by Black Hole Entertainment is considered an average game by reviewers. The bird view perspective video game was released in 2011 and rated T (for Teen).Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released in 2011 by developer Black Hole Entertainment with an average rating. This bird view perspective game is rated T (for Teen) and was placed in the genre of role-playing and turn-based strategy.I recently played the sports game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It was made by the developer Neversoft Entertainment for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, as well as PC via Steam. It was not released for Linux, but it has a Mac support.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 by Neversoft Entertainment is a sports game. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and is supported on Mac. However, it is not on Linux and is not available on Steam.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game by Neversoft Entertainment for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. This game is not available on Steam and cannot be played on Linux, but it can be played on Mac.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game released in 2014 by Tin Man Games. It has an average rating, but no multiplayer.Tin Man Games released a single-player text adventure RPG in 2014 called The Forest of Doom. It received average reviews.The Forest of Doom was developed by Tin Man Games, and was released in 2014. It's an average role-playing text adventure game. There is no multiplayer mode.Have you ever played a game that you just felt was way over-complicated?Have you played any over-complicated games recently?Have you ever encountered a game that just felt over-complicated?What's a visually impressive game that you played lately?Can you suggest a really visually impressive game?Have you encountered any visually impressive video games lately?RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation and strategy game played from a bird's eye view. It was released in 1999 and has no multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon from 1999 is a good simulation strategy game. It has a bird view, but no multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a single-player bird view strategy and simulation game. It was released in 1999 with good ratings and reception.I'm curious, have you played any PC games that were released way back in 1999, like for example RollerCoaster Tycoon?Are you also into PC games from 1999, like RollerCoaster Tycoon?Did you ever play a 1999 PC game, for example RollerCoaster Tycoon?What's the weirdest game you've ever played on PlayStation.So what's the weirdest game you got for the PlayStation?What's the weirdest game you ever played on the PlayStation?Spider-Man is a third person action-adventure game. It is developed by Insomniac Games for PlayStation. It will be released on September 7, 2018.Spider-Man is a new third person action-adventure from Insomniac Games. It is set for release on September 7, 2018 for PlayStation.Insomniac Games should release Spider-Man on September 7, 2018. It will be a third person action-adventure game for PlayStation.What's a game for the PC that you think is immersive?Are there any really immersive PC games you could recommend?What is the most immersive game you have played on PC?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a fun real-time strategy game developed by Ensemble Studios. The bird view game is rated T (for Teen) and was received well by critics.Real-time strategy enthusiasts will love Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings by Ensemble Studios. The game is rated T (for Teen) with a good rating. There is a bird view perspective in this game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good real-time strategy game that has a bird view. Ensemble Studios developed it, and it is rated T (for Teen).Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was released by Climax Studios in 2016. It is a poorly rated action-adventure platformer.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is considered a rather poor action-adventure platformer released in 2016 by Climax Studios.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer developed by Climax Studios that released in 2016.What don't you like about real-time role-playing strategy games from Grimlore Games?What makes you dislike Grimlore Games' RTS RPGs?I'm curious to know why you think the games developed by Grimlore Games that combine the real-time strategy and role-playing genres are horrible.Superhot is a tactical shooter released by an indie developer in 2016. It's a single-player only game restricted to first person perspective.Superhot, from 2016, is an indie tactical FPS. The game, however, has no multiplayer.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game played in the first person. It was released in 2016 and doesn't have multiplayer.For a first person shooter and puzzle platformer, try Portal 2. It is available on PlayStation and PC, and can be found on Steam.Portal 2 is a platforming first person shooter with puzzle elements. It was released on PlayStation and PC and is available on Steam.Portal 2 is a first person platformer shooter that involves puzzle solving. It is available on Steam, and is out on is on PlayStation and PC platforms.Is the Mafia that you're referring to the one for the PC that you can get on Steam?Would that be Mafia, the PC game available on Steam?Do you mean the Steam game on PC, Mafia?How come you don't enjoy role-playing RTS games on the PC?Why do you avoid real-time strategy PC games with role-playing elements?What bothers you about PC games with a role-playing, real-time strategy element?You mentioned earlier that The Room by Fireproof Games was one of your favorites. Is that the case with most indie, point-and-click, puzzle games?You said that The Room was a really excellent game. Do you also love other indie point-and-click puzzle games developed by Fireproof Games?You previously mentioned that you loved The Room. Are you frequently a big fan of indie point-and-click puzzle games from Fireproof Games?I remember that you dislike Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Is that true of all Konami games on the Xbox?You mentioned earlier that you think Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 isn't fun at all. Do you feel that Konami's whole lineup of Xbox games is somewhat like that?I heard you hated Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Do you dislike other Konami games on Xbox?Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy with multiplayer. It was released in 1999.In 1999 a multiplayer turn-based strategy, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, was released.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a multiplayer turn-based strategy that came out in 1999.What's a good scary game?Have you ever played a game that you found scary?Have you ever played some really scary games?Speaking of third person games, have you played The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of third person perspective games, have you played The Wolf Among Us?Since you like third person games I think you'd enjoy The Wolf Among Us. Have you played it, by any chance?The sport simulation game, NHL 15, is developed for PlayStation and Xbox only, and rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is played from a bird view perspective and has multiplayer.NHL 15 is a sport sim almost everyone can play thanks to its E 10+ rating. It's limited to a bird's eye view, but you can play on PlayStation and Xbox with your friends because there is even a multiplayer feature.NHL 15 is an E 10+ rated sports sim for PlayStation and Xbox only. It uses a strategic bird view perspective, and has a multiplayer mode.Do you mean Ancient Cities, coming December 1, 2018?You mean the Ancient Cities that's not coming out till December 1, 2018, right?Do you mean the Ancient Cities that is expected to be released on December 1, 2018?Are you interested in indie adventure RPGs that use a bird view perspective, such as Undertale?I was wondering, do you play any indie adventure RPGs that have a bird view perspective, like for example Undertale?What do you think about indie adventure RPGs with a bird view, like Undertale?Resident Evil 4 is a third person shooter game. Even though it doesn't have multiplayer, I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys action-adventure games.Resident Evil 4 is a single-player action-adventure shooter with third person perspective.Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter with no multiplayer features.I know you like single-player games you can play on the Xbox. Have you played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Hmm, a good single-player game for the Xbox, you say? Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on Xbox doesn't need multiplayer because of it's engaging story. Have you played it?Codemasters Birmingham developed a gamed called F1 2014, which is a sport racing simulator.F1 2014 is a sport driving/racing simulator made by Codemasters Birmingham.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulator that was developed by Codemasters Birmingham.So why is it you hate Xbox games so much?What about the Xbox do you find so unappealing?What is it about games released for the Xbox that makes you hate them?EA Tiburon made Madden NFL 15 and as you might expect it's your average sports simulator. You can pick it up for the big two, Xbox and PlayStation, and play multiplayer through Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network.Madden NFL 15 is your average sport simulation game for the PlayStation and Xbox consoles. Developed by EA Tiburon, this game offers a multiplayer mode.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation by EA Tiburon. The game has multiplayer and is on PlayStation and Xbox.The PlayStation exclusive action-adventure game, The Last of Us, was released in 2013. It has been rated excellent, as it is enjoyed by people who like third person shooters.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure shooter game. It's a third person game from 2013 that was released for PlayStation.The Last of Us is an excellent third person shooter game that is action-adventure. The game is on PlayStation only and came out in 2013.Ever played a vehicular combat sports game for the PlayStation, like for example MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Are you a fan of vehicular combat games on the PlayStation like MotorStorm: Apocalypse?Are you fond of vehicular combat games for the PlayStation, such as MotorStorm: Apocalypse?If you are looking for a multiplayer racing simulation game, rated E (for Everyone), check out Need for Speed: Shift. It was developed by Slightly Mad Studios and released in 2009.Need for Speed: Shift is a racing simulator developed by Slightly Mad Studios and received an E (for Everyone) rating. The game released in 2009 and has multiplayer support.Need for Speed: Shift by Slightly Mad Studios is rated E (for Everyone). It is a multiplayer driving/racing simulator that came out in 2009.It's always nice to see a game that gives players options on where to play it, so I liked the The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, since it got released for both Mac and Linux.I was quite impressed that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim runs smoothly on both Mac and Linux.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is predictably a good game. And of course, it's on Linux and Mac, as legally, any device must be able to run Skyrim, per the word of Todd.Do you remember any games that you felt were absorbing?What game have you found particularly absorbing lately?What is the game you think has the most absorbing gameplay?Super Mario World is my current favorite game. I love multiplayer games that are rated E (for Everyone), so this is really my cup of tea!Super Mario World is one of my favorite games. I love family friendly E rated games like it that have multiplayer, so I can play them with my entire family and friends.Man, Super Mario World is downright amazing, totally beautiful. Go get it, right now. It's rated E so that's no excuse, and it has multiplayer. Play with your kids!The simulation and real-time strategy game, Stronghold 2, was released in 2005 and has multiplayer.Stronghold 2 is a multiplayer real-time strategy-simulation that was released in 2005.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game released in 2005 with multiplayer support.What is it about Codemasters Southam's PlayStation games that makes you say they're just average?Why do you think that the PlayStation releases from Codemasters Southam are just mediocre?What would you say makes Codemasters Southam's PlayStation games nothing more than average?Portal 2 is a puzzle and platforming shooter game by Valve Corporation. You play in first person, and there's a multiplayer mode.Portal 2 is a puzzle-platforming first person shooter. It was developed by Valve Corporation and has multiplayer functionality.Portal 2 from Valve Corporation is a platforming puzzle-shooter with first person view and multiplayer.Layers of Fear is an indie point-and-click adventure game with a first person player perspective. It has a poor rating, does not have multiplayer, and is rate M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Layers of Fear was a first person perspective game that could only be played single-player. It is an indie point-and-click adventure game. It was rated M (for Mature) and was rated as poor by the players.Layers of Fear is a single-player first person indie adventure, point-and-click game with poor ratings. It is rated M (for Mature).EA Digital Illusions CE gets a solid C for this entry into the action-adventure fighting game genre. Mirror's Edge Catalyst is nothing special.I loved Mirror's Edge Catalyst, it was such an interesting take on the action-adventure fighting genre, especially for EA Digital Illusions CE.EA Digital Illusions CE did an okay job on Mirror's Edge Catalyst, but the action-adventure fighting game didn't really live up to my hype for it.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy sim with a bird's eye view. It was released by Firaxis Games with an E 10+ rating, and has received positive reviews.Sid Meier's Civilization V by Firaxis Games is a good E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) game. It's a turn-based simulation-strategy game set in bird view.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based simulation strategy that features a bird view perspective. It was developed by Firaxis Games and has ESRB rating of E 10+ (for everyone 10 and older). It has received overall good ratings.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is a third person MMORPG by Blizzard Entertainment. The game will be released for PC on August 14, 2018.August 14, 2018 will see the release of Blizzard Entertainment's World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, a third person MMORPG available exclusively on PC.Blizzard Entertainment has a new MMORPG coming out August 14, 2018 for PC. It's called World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth and is a third person perspective game.Driver is a 1999 driving simulation game that is available on PlayStation, PC and Mac, but not Linux.Driver is a driving/racing simulation game made in 1999. It's available for PlayStation, PC and Mac with no Linux release.Driver is a driving simulation game that was released in 1999. It can be played on PlayStation and PC. It is released on Mac but not on Linux.Is there any upcoming game you're looking forward to?Are there any upcoming games you're interested in?What upcoming video game are you looking forward to the most?You mentioned that you feel that The Forest of Doom was pretty so-so. Is that the fate of most role-playing text adventure games that have gotten a Linux release, you think?You mentioned earlier that you felt indifferent about The Forest of Doom. Do you often feel the same about other role-playing, text adventure games on Linux?You mentioned you thought The Forest of Doom was average. Are you usually not very impressed by role-playing text adventure games for Linux?Need for Speed: The Run is a first and third person racing game. It's on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it isn't on Steam.The racing game Need for Speed: The Run is available on most platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. The game can be played in both first and third person perspectives, but do not expect to find it on Steam.If you're looking for a racing game available for any platform, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo or PC, check out Need For Speed: The Run. Keep in mind, however, that it's not available on Steam. The game has both first person and third person view options.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average pinball puzzle game that came out in 2005 from Fuse Games for Nintendo only. This game is rated E (for Everyone) and has multiplayer functionality.Metroid Prime Pinball was an average pinball puzzle game released in 2005 by Fuse Games for the Nintendo. It had a multiplayer mode and was rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is a decent puzzle-pinball game suitable for all ages. Fuse Games made the game in 2005 for Nintendo consoles and included a multiplayer mode.Football Manager 2015 is a sport simulation strategy game. It has multiplayer mode.Football Manager 2015 is a simulation strategy sports game. This game also has multiplayer functionality.Football Manager 2015 is sport simulation game as well as a strategy game, and it does have multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls Online is first and third person MMORPG game with average user ratings. It was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios in 2014 and rated M (for Mature).ZeniMax Online Studios released The Elder Scrolls Online in 2014. This M (for Mature) rated MMORPG has average ratings but offers both first and third person views.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG by ZeniMax Online Studios. Released in 2014, it is only suitable for more mature players (M rated) and can be played in first or third person modes.If you like third person sports games, you should try Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, created by the folks at Neversoft Entertainment. The game has received an average rating. It was released on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, but is not available on Steam.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a third person sports game by the developer Neversoft Entertainment for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. They do not offer it on Steam and it has received overall average reviews.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, by Neversoft Entertainment, is a decent third person sports game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but is not available on Steam.What other PlayStation game is there that you would recommend?What other games are available on PlayStation?Did you find any other PlayStation games that really stuck in your memory?A racing game that you should check out is Need For Speed: Most Wanted. It's a multiplayer game released in 2005 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It was not released for Steam, Linux, or Mac.Released in 2005, Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a racing game that has multiplayer. It is available on Nintendo, PC, Xbox, and PlayStation. It is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a 2005 racing game with multiplayer. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but with no Steam support. It currently does not have a Linux or Mac release.Transport Tycoon, by developer Chris Sawyer, is a simulation strategy game from a bird view perspective. It was released in 1994.Transport Tycoon was released by Chris Sawyer all the way back in 1994. It's a strategy sim that lets you take a bird view while you play.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy played from a bird view. It was made by developer Chris Sawyer and released in 1994.You said you were indifferent towards Rollcage. Is that the case for all games released on PC but not Linux?You told me that Rollcage was an average quality game. Is that because it's only available on PC and there's no Linux release?You said that Rollcage was just average a moment ago. Would you say that the lack of a Linux release is a huge minus for any PC game from your point of view?I'm interested in playing a dynamic game with a third person perspective, do you know of any?What's your favorite dynamic third person game?Do you know of any dynamic games that have a third person perspective?Worms: Reloaded, by Team17 Digital Ltd, launched in 2010 to average reviews. It is an E 10+ rated action strategy platformer that has a side view. The main focus is on player versus player strategy, hence it offers a multiplayer mode.Worms: Reloaded is a strategic side view platformer with a lot of action and a multiplayer mode. It was developed by Team17 Digital Ltd and came out in 2010 with an E 10+ rating, but got only mediocre reviews.Worms: Reloaded is an action platforming strategy from 2010. Developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, it received average ratings. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). You play this from a side view perspective, and there is a multiplayer mode available.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a fun game. Core Design is a good developer and the lack of multiplayer means you can tell the single-player experience was focused on.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation works pretty well as a game, it doesn't have multiplayer but then again it doesn't need it. Core Design's quality speaks for itself.I thought Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was pretty good. I like games by Core Design that I can play by myself in a solid single-player campaign.Are you often unimpressed by Tin Man Games' games, or was The Forest of Doom the odd one out?You said that The Forest of Doom was not quite worth the money. Do you feel the same way about all the games made by Tin Man Games?You said that you found The Forest of Doom to be so-so in quality. Do you feel similarly about the other games developed by Tin Man GamesDo you have experience with some nicely dynamic games I might like?Was there ever a game you played that you felt was really dynamic?What game can you think of that has a very dynamic plot?Half-Life 2 is an excellent shooter game. It was developed by Valve Corporation, and it is single-player only.Half-Life 2 is an excellent single-player shooter by Valve Corporation. The game does not have a multiplayer mode.Half-Life 2, developed by Valve Corporation, is an excellent shooter game, but it cannot be played multiplayer.Skyforge is a poor adventure, hack-and-slash, MMORPG that was developed by Allods Online and released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Skyforge was released by Allods Online. It's a poor adventure, hack-and-slash MMORPG, that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Skyforge is a lackluster adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG by Allods Online. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.I know you're into side view games, have you tried Never Alone?Since you seem to be fond of side view games, have you tried Never Alone?While we're on the subject of games played from a side view perspective, have you ever heard of Never Alone?Oh, if you're interested in a strategy simulator that will run on Linux, there's always RollerCoaster Tycoon. Have you played it before?Since you play on Linux I think you should check out RollerCoaster Tycoon it's a really solid simulation strategy game. Have you already tried it?If you're looking for a strategy simulator with a Linux release, I have one I'd recommend. Have you heard of RollerCoaster Tycoon?Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure platformer puzzle game for the Xbox and PC. There is no multiplayer mode.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure, puzzle platformer that does not have multiplayer. It was released for Xbox and PC.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure puzzle platformer for Xbox and PC that has no multiplayer function.Earlier you said you found Need for Speed: The Run to be average. Are you typically not very impressed by driving/racing games from Firebrand Games?I know you feel that Need for Speed: The Run was a merely average game. Do you not trust Firebrand Games with their driving/racing all that much?You said before that you felt so-so about Need for Speed: The Run. Do you feel the same about other driving or racing games from Firebrand Games?Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent third person shooter full of action and adventure. The role-playing aspects let you decide the path of the player. The game was released exclusively for PlayStation by Guerrilla Games, and is suitable for teenagers.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a highly rated game that was developed by Guerrilla Games. It's rated T (for Teen) and you can play it on your PlayStation. It's a third person shooter game with role-playing elements and a lot of action and adventure.Horizon: Zero Dawn by Guerrilla Games is an excellent third person action-adventure game with shooter and RPG elements. It's on the PlayStation and has a T (for Teen) rating.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average-rated pinball, puzzle game with multiplayer. It is rated E (for Everyone), and is available for Nintendo.A decent game that I have played in the past is the pinball puzzle game Metroid Prime Pinball. It is rated E (for everyone), and you can play it multiplayer. It is made for the Nintendo consoles only.Metroid Prime Pinball is an E-rated puzzle pinball game for Nintendo DS. It features a multiplayer mode but received only average reviews.Transport Tycoon is a bird view strategy and simulation game.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game where you play from a bird view perspective.Transport Tycoon is a bird view simulation strategy game.Rise of the Tomb Raider was a good action-adventure, shooter game that included multiplayer and was released in 2015.If you want a action-adventure game, Rise of the Tomb Raider is a good multiplayer shooter from 2015.Rise of the Tomb Raider was released in 2015. This game was given pretty good reviews and it also has a multiplayer mode. Throughout this game it goes between an action-adventure style and a shooter.So what other game from 2009 did you want to talk about?Do you know any other games from 2009?What other game from 2009 have you enjoyed?Oh, you mean NBA 2K19 for the Nintendo Switch?Oh! So that's NBA 2K19 for the Nintendo Switch?Do you mean the NBA 2K19 for the Nintendo Switch?I am curious to know if remember ever playing a game made by Black Hole Entertainment, such as Might & Magic: Heroes VI.Tell me, have you tried any games from Black Hole Entertainment, like that Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Are you a fan of games made by Black Hole Entertainment, such as Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Need for Speed: Shift is a first and third person driving/racing simulator by Slightly Mad Studios. It was released in 2009 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not for Linux or Mac.The driving simulation game, Need for Speed: Shift, was developed in 2009 by Slightly Mad Studios for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This racing game can be played first or third person, but has no Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulator developed by Slightly Mad Studios. Originally released in 2009, it offers both first person and third person perspectives. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Linux or Mac.Man, Super Mario World is great, such a classic! It really set the stage for future side view games too, truly a masterclass in design from Nintendo EAD.I think Super Mario World is an excellent game. The talented Nintendo EAD team and its stunning use of the side view perspective kept me playing all day!I love Super Mario World. I always have tons of fun playing side view games from Nintendo EAD.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan for the PlayStation. It is a tactical action-adventure shooter with a variety of perspectives (first and third person, and bird's eye). Though there is no multiplayer, it has an excellent rating.An excellent action-adventure tactical shooter for PlayStation is Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan. It allows the player to choose among bird view, and first or third person. It does not have multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent PlayStation game. It's an action-adventure tactical shooter developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan. The game switches between a bird view, first person, and third person perspective. Unfortunately, it offers no multiplayer.What's a spectacular release from 2013?Is there any game released in 2013 that you felt was spectacular?Was there any game released in 2013 that you thought was spectacular?Madden NFL 15 was mediocre in my view. It's maker EA Tiburon isn't a terrible developer but they don't know how to make a truly good game either, unfortunately.Madden NFL 15 is an overall average game plopped out by EA TiburonI feel like EA Tiburon didn't do quite a great job developing Madden NFL 15.If you like music games, then you should try the Xbox video game created by Konami called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Note, however, that it has rather poor ratings.The music game, Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 has a poor rating and was produced by Konami. It's an Xbox exclusive.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game by Konami released exclusively for the Xbox.Little Nightmares was a pretty fun puzzle-adventure from 2017. It doesn't have any multiplayer, but they made the puzzles work from the side view platformer perspective.Little Nightmares, released in 2017, is a good game with side view perspective. The game is a puzzle adventure platformer that does not have the capabilities of multiplayer.A good puzzle adventure platformer with side view perspective is Little Nightmares, which came out in 2017. It does not have multiplayer.The Crew 2 by Ivory Tower is a multiplayer third person driving/racing game. It is expected to be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on June 29, 2018.The Crew 2 is a third person driving/racing game by Ivory Tower. It has multiplayer and will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It will be out on June 29, 2018.The Crew 2, expected to be released June 29, 2018, is being developed by Ivory Tower as a third person driving/racing game. It will be released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC with multiplayer capabilities.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure puzzle role-playing game developed by Nintendo EAD in 1998. The game offers a bird's eye and third person view and has no multiplayer. The game is only available on Nintendo.If you like action-adventure games that involve puzzle solving, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an amazing single-player role-playing game by Nintendo EAD. It is played in bird view and third person view. It was released in 1998 for Nintendo only.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a single-player action-adventure role-playing game with puzzle solving. It is an excellent game with both bird view and third person perspectives. It was released in 1998 by Nintendo EAD for the Nintendo consoles only.2015 saw the release of Life is Strange, a third person RPG. It's a single-player only game.Life is Strange is 2015 single-player, third person role-playing game.Released in 2015, Life is Strange is a role-playing, third person game with no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is a tactical action-adventure shooter that you can play in first or third person perspective, and even from a bird's eye view. It's only available on PlayStation and there is no multiplayer mode.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an action-adventure, tactical shooter game for the PlayStation. The game allows the player to switch between bird view, first person, and third person perspectives. It does not have multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an action-adventure tactical shooter game exclusively for PlayStation. It can be played in bird view, first person and third person perspective. You cannot play it multiplayer with your friends though.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is a third person MMORPG. It is expected out on August 14, 2018.August 14, 2018 is the release date for World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, the third person MMORPG.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is to be released on August 14, 2018 as a third person MMORPG.If you are into text adventure single-player RPGs you should check out The Forest of Doom. It is a game by Tin Man Games that is out for PC, Linux, and Mac through Steam.The Forest of Doom is a text adventure RPG released by Tin Man Games. Naturally, there is no multiplayer, but the game is available on Steam for PC, Mac, and Linux.The Forest of Doom is a text adventure RPG developed by Tin Man Games. It is a good single-player only game available on PC via Steam and also on Linux and Mac.Are you a fan of action-adventure fighting games on Xbox such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Are you familiar with action-adventure fighting games on Xbox, the Mirror's Edge Catalyst type, you know?What's your opinion on action-adventure, fighting games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst for Xbox?Do you know of any well balanced role playing shooters?Do you know of any well balanced shooters with role-playing elements?I'm hoping to play a shooter with role-playing elements that is well balanced, is there any you would recommend?Life is Strange is a solid third person role-playing game.Life is Strange is a third person role-playing game with mostly positive ratings.If you like fun third person role-playing games, then you should try Life is Strange.If you want a fun multiplayer platformer, you could try Super Mario World. It's Nintendo EAD's flagship for the Nintendo consoles. I'd say it's great to play with younger kids, as it's rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World was developed by Nintendo EAD. It was released for the Nintendo platform with a rating of E (for Everyone). It is a platformer game with a multiplayer mode.Nintendo EAD devoloped Super Mario World for the Nintendo platform. It is a multiplayer platformer suitable for all audiences.Grand Theft Auto V, developed in 2013 by developer Rockstar North, is an action-adventure driving and shooting game.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter with a lot of driving, developed by Rockstar North in 2013.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure game that involves both shooting and driving. It was developed by Rockstar North and released in 2013.A Way Out is a good 2018 action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. However, you cannot play this on Steam, Linux, or Mac.A Way Out is a solid action-adventure game from 2018. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not on Linux or Mac, and it is not available on Steam.A Way Out is a fun action-adventure game from 2018. The game is available for PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. Mac, Linux, and Steam do not have the game.Euro Truck Simulator has no multiplayer, but is good for people who like the experience of simulated driving.Euro Truck Simulator is driving simulation game. The game is single-player only.Euro Truck Simulator is a single-player driving simulation game.Why do you find Overkill Software's games from 2013 to just be average?Why do you think the games that Overkill Software developed in 2013 are merely okay?So I'm wondering, what was it about the games Overkill Software released in 2013 that made you say they're just mediocre?The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG game that is rated M (for Mature) and came out in 2014. The game can be played in either first person or third person.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG rated M (for Mature). The game was released in 2014 and features a first and third person point of view.The Elder Scrolls Online is a first and third person MMORPG rated M. It was released in 2014 and received average ratings.What do you think about simulation strategy games with a bird view like RollerCoaster Tycoon?Do you enjoy playing bird view strategy simulators, games like RollerCoaster Tycoon?I've been thinking about buying a simulation strategy game that uses a bird view perspective, would you recommend RollerCoaster Tycoon?What would you say is a good example of a complicated driving/racing game?Did you get the chance to play any complicated driving/racing games?Are there any complicated driving/racing games you know of? I'd love to try one out.Tetris is a side view strategic puzzle arcade game.Tetris is a side view arcade puzzle and strategy game.Tetris is a side view puzzle-strategy arcade game.You previously mentioned disliking Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. In general are you not fond of single-player games from Core Design?You said you hated playing Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you also hate other Core Design games without multiplayer?I remember you said you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you typically miss some kind of a multiplayer mode in games by Core Design?Why don't you like to play text adventure games on Steam?Why is it you dislike Steam text adventure games so much?What is it about the text adventure games available on Steam that makes you think they're of such poor quality?In terms of challenging games, have you played any like that which came out in 1990?Are there any challenging games from 1990?What's the most challenging game from 1990 that you have played?What do you think is the silliest game ever made by Bloober Team?What do you think is the silliest game made by Bloober Team?What's the silliest game that Bloober Team has made?The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure game that came out in 2013 for PlayStation only. The third person shooter can be played multiplayer.The Last of Us is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter. It was released in 2013 for the PlayStation and has a multiplayer feature.The Last of Us was released in 2013. It's an excellent third person action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation. The game offers a multiplayer option.Would that be Superhot, the 2016 game released on PlayStation?Is the Superhot you're referring to the one that came out in 2016 for the PlayStation?Are you taking about the 2016 PlayStation game, Superhot?Super Bomberman, an action-packed strategy game rated E (for Everyone), was released in 1993. The bird view player perspective game has been getting average ratings and is single-player.For a single-player strategic action game with bird view perspective, try Super Bomberman from 1993. It has average reviews and is rated E (for Everyone).Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game that came out in 1993. The game, played in a bird view perspective, is rated E and does not have multiplayer functionality.For multiplayer games with a side view perspective, I've enjoyed Worms: Reloaded. Do you know about this game?If you're a fan of multiplayer side view games, I recommend Worms: Reloaded, have you played that one?A side view multiplayer game that I enjoyed was Worms: Reloaded. Have you played it?I recall you said you liked Max Payne. Do you enjoy third person games for PC in general?So you had fun playing Max Payne, if I recall right. Do you also enjoy other third person games for the PC?You told me that you thought Max Payne was good. Do you frequently think that third person games on the PC are good?You mean the Little Big Adventure that dropped in 1994?Do you mean Little Big Adventure from 1994?By Little Big Adventure, do you mean the one that came out in 1994?You said earlier that Quantum Break was simply average. Do you commonly feel lukewarm about M (for Mature) rated games from Remedy Entertainment?I believe your opinion of Quantum Break was that it was nothing special. Do you feel the same about other M (for Mature) titles from Remedy Entertainment?You said that Quantum Break could be interesting at times, but was overall just okay. Do you kind of feel the same way about Remedy Entertainment's other M rated games?Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice has surprised people with its fantastic reception. It's an indie hack-and-slash adventure that really stands up to the high-dollar retail games on the market. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam, but there's no Mac or Linux releases yet.If you like hack-and-slash adventure games, you should try Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. It's an excellent indie game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and it's available on Steam, though it doesn't run on Linux or Mac.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie adventure hack-and-slash. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with Steam availability, but unfortunately does not have a Linux or Mac release.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average game. I'm not really that thrilled about third person games from 2016.Tom Clancy's The Division is an all-around average third person game that I legitimately forget came out in 2016 sometimes.Tom Clancy's The Division was a thoroughly average game. It came out in 2016, which was a pretty good year for games, but the third person perspective was jarring and held it back some.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a multiplayer real-time strategy game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game that can be played multiplayer.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game that can be played multiplayer.BioShock is a solid M rated game available on both Steam and Linux.I liked BioShock a fair bit. It's M rating meant it was able to tackle some dark subject matter, and being on Steam made it super convenient to acquire.BioShock is a pretty good game. I like that I can get it on Steam and that it's rated M (for Mature).So you like playing Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you feel like 1999 was a good year for action-adventure shooter games with puzzles?You said earlier that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Are you usually a fan of action-adventure games from 1999 with puzzles and shooting?I know how much you like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Is it a favorite because it's from 1999 and is an action-adventure, puzzle, shooter type of game?I think Metroid Prime Pinball is adequate, but we should realize that 2005 was not all that great a year for pinball puzzle games.Metroid Prime Pinball is just okay. I usually like games released in 2005, since that was a strong year, but I'm not really a big fan of puzzle pinball games.I thought Metroid Prime Pinball was just OK. There are better 2005 pinball puzzle games out there.I remember you saying that you love Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you usually like to play PlayStation games in third person perspective?I remember you saying that you enjoy Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Would you say you strongly prefer third person perspective games on PlayStation?Before, you mentioned enjoying Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you think a third person perspective is particularly enjoyable when playing games on the PlayStation?Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was one of my favorite 2016 games for the PlayStation, have you ever tried it?2016 had many great games released for the PlayStation, such as Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Have you ever heard of it?A PlayStation 2016 game that I enjoyed was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Have you played it?Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action game and first person shooter. It was released on PlayStation and Xbox. It was also released on PC, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action, first person, shooter developed for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has no Linux or Mac support.If you're looking for an action shooter game, try Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. It has a first person player perspective, and it's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no Linux or Mac release.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an average action shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It was released in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, is an average action and shooter game. It was not released for Linux or Mac. It is rated M (for Mature).Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a mature action shooting game that came out in 2014. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but don't expect it to run on either Linux or Mac. It received average reviews.I didn't enjoy Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne at all. It's because I just can't stand the bird view perspective the game used.I absolutely hate bird view perspective games like Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. I can't even see what my character is doing.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is an overall poor game that even manages to mess up the bird view.Max Payne is a third person action-adventure shooter game. It's rated M.Max Payne was released with an M (for Mature) rating. It's an action-adventure, shooter game, that is played in the third person.Max Payne is a Mature rated third person shooter with action-adventure elements.NHL 15 is a sport simulation game developed for PlayStation and Xbox. The bird view game released in 2014 with an E 10+ rating to average critical reviews.NHL 15 is an average sport, simulation game that has a bird view perspective. It was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and was released for PlayStation and Xbox in 2014.NHL 15 is a 2014 sport simulation game in bird view. It has an ESRB rating of E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older), and it runs on PlayStation and Xbox. The game received average ratings.FIFA 12 was released in 2011. It's an average E rated simulation sports game that is played from a bird's eye or side view.FIFA 12 was an average simulation sport game released in 2011. It's rated E and has a bird view and side view perspective.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation that is rated E (for Everyone). This game came out in 2011 and has a bird view or side view perspective.Outlast II, is a decent indie adventure game. It was developed by Red Barrels and is rated M (for Mature).Outlast II by Red Barrels is an indie adventure game with average ratings. It is rated M (for Mature.Outlast II is an indie adventure game developed by Red Barrels. It has received average ratings, and has an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).Have you played any third person games by Adeline Software International like Little Big Adventure?Do you like third person games from Adeline Software International, such as Little Big Adventure?Do third person games by Adeline Software International, such as Little Big Adventure, sound any interesting to you?Worms: Reloaded is a strategy platformer game. This action game is available for PC on both Mac and Linux platforms.Worms: Reloaded is an action platformer game for PC. The strategy game is available on Linux and Mac as well.Worms: Reloaded is an action and strategy platformer game for PC that was also released for Linux and Mac.I just didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. The problem is that Beenox has absolutely no idea how to balance or handle a multiplayer game, so any game from them with multiplayer is just not fun to play.Beenox put multiplayer in Guitar Hero: Smash Hits but forgot to make it any fun to play.I really wish Beenox's Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was good, but it's not. Even with friends, the multiplayer is just bad.The Room is an indie first person point-and-click puzzle game. It does not have multiplayer.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game played in the first person. There isn't any multiplayer support.If you like indie point-and-click puzzle games, then you should try The Room. It uses the first person perspective, but, unfortunately, it has no multiplayer.You said that Need for Speed: The Run was neither bad nor good, but thoroughly mediocre. Do you feel the same way about the rest of the Xbox games developed by Firebrand Games?You said that you Need for Speed: The Run was mediocre. Does the same sentiment apply to other Firebrand Games on the Xbox?You said that Need for Speed: The Run was just okay. Would it be safe to assume that you feel the same about other Firebrand Games on Xbox?So, you're into games with both a Mac and a Linux release. Have you heard about Worms: Reloaded?Speaking of strategy games suitable for Mac and Linux platform, have you heard of Worms: Reloaded?If you're looking for a game with both a Mac release and a Linux release, Worms: Reloaded is one. Have you heard of it before?Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good game. I like the first person perspective, and it's on the Xbox which is the platform of my choice.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a solid first person game when you consider the selection on the Xbox.I thought that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty good. It's a first person game and it's on a strong platform like the Xbox, so that makes for an immersive experience.I didn't like Mirror's Edge Catalyst at all, as it was really, really, annoying that it didn't have a Mac release.I really didn't care for Mirror's Edge Catalyst, honestly it not coming to Mac was a big turnoff.I wish I could play Mirror's Edge Catalyst, but I'm a Mac guy and it wasn't released for this system.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good action-adventure game that is on PlayStation and PC only. This puzzle shooter is also on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was a good action-adventure shooter puzzle game for the PlayStation and PC. You can get it on Steam.The next time you're on Steam, look for Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It is a good action-adventure puzzle shooter. In addition to PC, it is available on PlayStation.Skyforge is a third person hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac. It was released in 2015 to mostly negative reviews.Skyforge is a third person massively multiplayer online role-playing game in the adventure hack-and-slash genre. It was released in 2015, and is available on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms. It does not have a Linux and Mac release, and is rated poorly.Skyforge is a poor third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG released in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not for Linux or Mac.There is a good tactical strategy in Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines and even offers a multiplayer.If you are into tactical strategy games, you should look into Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It got a good rating and even has multiplayer.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy-tactical game with multiplayer mode.Undertale is an adventure, indie, role-playing game from tobyfox that I'd recommend. Have you played it yet?Undertale is an indie adventure RPG from tobyfox. Have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of indie adventure RPGs by tobyfox, I thought you might like Undertale too. Have you heard about the game?Do you also like other games from 2015 made by CD Projekt RED, like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Have you played any of the games by CD Projekt RED from 2015, for example The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Now I'm curious, have you played any of CD Projekt RED's 2015 games, such as The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?So what makes games by Tarsier Studios stand out from the other developers?I'm wondering, why do you enjoy the games made by Tarsier Studios?What do you enjoy about Tarsier Studios' games?Do you enjoy PC games rated M (for Mature), such as BioShock?Do you enjoy games like BioShock? It's a mature PC game.If you don't mind me asking, do you play M rated games for the PC, such as BioShock?Have you played any cheap games that you enjoyed?What good cheap games have just come out?What's a really cheap game you think I might like?Are you talking about Ori and the Blind Forest, which was rated E?By Ori and the Blind Forest, do you mean the one with an E rating?Are you talking about the E rated Ori and the Blind Forest?You said that you liked Crysis. Can I assume then that normally you like to play first person games on Xbox?You mentioned that you enjoyed Crysis a bit. Do you in general feel that first person perspective games on the Xbox are fun?Earlier you mentioned enjoying Crysis. Are you generally fond of first person perspective games for Xbox titles?My favorite multiplayer game from Valve Corporation is actually Portal 2. Are you familiar with it?You've mentioned enjoying the multiplayer games that have been made by Valve Corporation, have you played Portal 2 yet?I know you're into multiplayer games. Have you tried Portal 2 by Valve Corporation?Why do you find side view games so enjoyable?What is it about the side view perspective in games that makes them fun for you?Why is it that you enjoy games with a side view perspective?What do you think is the easiest game available for the Xbox?What's the easiest game you've played on the Xbox?What's the easiest game you know of on Xbox?What's the most frightening game you know of that still managed to get an E 10+ rating?Are there any E 10+ rated frightening games?Have you ever played a game that was rated E 10+ by the ESRB yet still managed to be genuinely frightening?Layers of Fear is a adventure, indie, point-and-click game released in 2015 on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available for download on Steam. It is in the first person perspective and does not have multiplayer.An indie adventure game, Layers of Fear, was released in 2015 to be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Steam. It is a first person, point-and-click game that cannot be played multiplayer.Released in 2015, Layers of Fear is an indie point-and-click first person adventure game with no multiplayer. It's out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Steam.Resident Evil 4 is considered an excellent action-adventure, third person shooter and was released in 2005.Resident Evil 4 is an excellent third person shooter game. This action-adventure game came out 2005.Resident Evil 4 from 2005 is an excellent, dark, action-adventure shooter. Its use of third person point of view makes the game fun.Try Need for Speed: Shift, Slightly Mad Studios released it in 2009 and it got average ratings. It's a driving simulator with first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift from Slightly Mad Studios is a racing simulation game that came out in 2009. At an average rating, the game features both first and third person perspective.The 2009 game, Need for Speed: Shift, is a rather average game for a racing simulator. It allows you to drive with a first or third person perspective, according to your preference. It's a game by Slightly Mad Studios.Final Fantasy VII is a great adventure role-playing game released in 1997. It was developed for PlayStation and PC, but does not support Linux and Mac systems. You can find the game on Steam.If you like adventure RPGs, you should try Final Fantasy VII, an awesome game from 1997. You can play it on just about every PlayStation console. It's also on the PC via Steam, but there's no Mac or Linux release.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game from 1997. You can play the game on PlayStation or PC, and you can get it on Steam too. Linux and Mac systems are not supported.A moment ago, you said you had a good time playing Crysis. Do you think it's cool to play M rated games on the Xbox in general?I remember you said you enjoyed Crysis. Are you a fan of Xbox games rated M (for Mature)?You said that you liked Crysis. Do you regularly play Mature games on Xbox?FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game that, thanks to its E (for Everyone) ESRB rating and multiplayer capabilities, is great for the whole family. It was released in 2011 and offers both bird view and side view.FIFA 12 is a 2011 simulation-sport in bird view and side view. It has multiplayer mode, and it is E (for Everyone).FIFA 12 is a sports simulator played with a bird- and side view. It was released in 2011 with multiplayer features. It has an E content rating.Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter. It is rated T (for Teen) and is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is supported by Mac, and Linux. It is also available on Steam.Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter, rated T (for Teen). It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can download it on Steam, and there is both a Linux and Mac release.Superhot is a first person indie tactical shooter game. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, PC with a Linux and Mac release and is available on Steam. It is rated T (for Teen).FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game that was developed by EA Canada. It offers a bird view, as well as a side view perspective. It received average ratings.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game with both bird view and side view perspectives. It has received average ratings and was developed by EA Canada.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game developed by EA Canada. The game runs in bird view or side view, and was released to average reviews.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG of average quality. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and can be downloaded on Steam. There is a Mac release, but not for Linux.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG that released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam and has a Mac release, but does not have a Linux release.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average-rated MMORPG. It is available on Steam, and is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is released for Mac, but not for Linux.Do you usually find Text adventure RPGs barely adequate, or was it just The Forest of Doom that was lackluster?You said that The Forest of Doom was an okay game at best, but nothing special. Do you feel the same way about most role-playing text adventure games?So I know you found The Forest of Doom merely average. Is that how you feel about all role-playing text adventure games?Is there a game you can think of that you'd say is very realistic?What recent game have you seen with the most realistic graphics?What's a good realistic game?I think Portal 2 is an excellent game. I just really love games on the PlayStation that have multiplayer so I can play with my friends.I don't know of any gaming experience more thrilling than being able to play multiplayer with my friends using my PlayStation, and so Portal 2 was an incredible game to play.Listen well, friend, Portal 2 is one of the greatest games of all time. It got a full-fleged release on PlayStation and comes with an amazingly perfect multiplayer mode.If you enjoy the action strategy platformers made by Team17 Digital Ltd, you'd probably like Worms: Reloaded. Have you given that one a shot yet?Since you like action strategy platformers, there's this game from Team17 Digital Ltd you may like. It's called Worms: Reloaded, have you tried it?Team17 Digital Ltd made a pretty great strategy action platformer called Worms: Reloaded. Do you know of it?Do you have a good experience with a third person action-adventure puzzle games, like Silent Hill 2?I'm curious, do you like to play third person action-adventure puzzle games, such as Silent Hill 2?Say, are you into third person action-adventure puzzle games like Silent Hill 2?StarCraft is a real-time strategy game for PC only.StarCraft is a real-time strategy that has been released for PC only.StarCraft is a real-time strategy that runs on PC only.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulator that came out in 2014. The sport game has support for both first person and third person as well.F1 2014 was released in 2014 as a sport racing sim with first and third person perspectives.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport racing simulation game. It can be played in both first and third person perspectives.Rollcage is of average quality I'd say. Attention To Detail is normally an solid developer, but I just am not a huge fan of games with a third person perspective.Rollcage is an okay game. I don't really like games made by Attention To Detail normally, but the third person perspective they used made it not entirely bad at least.Rollcage was an okay third person game, but the lack of dedication of Attention To Detail really sets it back.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing game with multiplayer availability. It was released for PC in 2000. It is available for Mac but not for Linux.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash RPG from 2000. It is a multiplayer game. It is available for PC and Mac but not Linux.A good hack-and-slash, role-playing game is Diablo II released in 2000. It has a multiplayer mode. It came out on PC and Mac but not on Linux.You said you didn't really like Small World 2. Weren't there any other PC games released in 2010 that you liked?Earlier you mentioned disliking Small World 2. Are you generally not fond of PC games from 2010?You said that you disliked Small World 2. So does that mean you mostly dislike PC games from 2010?I can't say I liked Dirt: Showdown, so I don't know if I would recommend it unless you really like first person games developed by Codemasters Southam.Codemasters Southam popped out a pretty average first person game in Dirt: Showdown, I think.I thought Dirt: Showdown was just ordinary. Codemasters Southam's choice of a first person perspective was not a smart one.Is the Little Big Adventure you're talking about the one that came out in 1994 and got a T rating?Are you referring to the 1994 T rated hit, Little Big Adventure?Are you talking about the T rated game Little Big Adventure, released in 1994?Try MotorStorm: Apocalypse for PlayStation if you enjoy vehicular combat games.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game exclusively for PlayStation.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game for PlayStation only.You said you didn't love or hate PlayStation games from back in 2014, such as NHL 15. Is that true generally? You said you were indifferent towards NHL 15. Is that the case for all PlayStation games from 2014?You said that in your mind NHL 15 was neither bad nor was it great. Do you feel 2014 simply didn't offer a lot of worthy games for the PlayStation?Madden NFL 15 was a pretty average sports game for the Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is a decent game, but Xbox just isn't my favorite platform.Having played Madden NFL 15 on Xbox, I found the controls and graphics mediocre.Metro Exodus is a tactical adventure shooter game that is expected to be released in 2019. It is a first person perspective game that will be released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Metro Exodus is a tactical adventure first person shooter to be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2019.Metro Exodus, expected to be released in 2019, is in development as a first person adventure tactical shooter game. It will be released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Is that often the case with real-time strategy simulation games for the PC?I remember you saying that you found Stronghold 2 to be average. Typically, are you not impressed with simulation games on PC with real-time strategy gameplay?I know you're kind of hit or miss with Stronghold 2. Do you feel so-so about other real-time strategy or simulation games on PC?You often mention 2004 as the best year for games. What was it about the games released that year that makes you love them so much?What made 2004 such an excellent year for games?So I've gotten curious now, what is it about games released in 2004 that causes you to rave about how awesome they are all the time?Trivial Pursuit is a poor multiplayer trivia/board game. It was developed by Electronic Arts.Trivial Pursuit is a rather poor trivia/board game. At least Electronic Arts realized that it needed multiplayer, so it has that going for it.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game developed by Electronic Arts. The game does offer multiplayer, but was received poorly by critics.Released in 1994, Transport Tycoon is a simulation and strategy game.Transport Tycoon from 1994 is a simulation strategy game.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game. It came out in 1994.If you like action-adventure platformer games then you might want to try Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India despite the poor rating. It is released on the PlayStation, Xbox and PC but unfortunately has no support for Linux or Mac.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is an action-adventure platformer game. Though it's received some poor ratings and doesn't have a Mac or Linux release, it can be played on PlayStation, Xbox as well as PC.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is an action-adventure platformer which received poor ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and has no Linux or Mac release.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average pinball game by Fuse Games that is rated E (for everyone). This puzzle game is only available for Nintendo.Metroid Prime Pinball by Fuse Games is an E (for Everyone) pinball-puzzle game. It runs on Nintendo, and it has average ratings.The Nintendo pinball puzzler, Metroid Prime Pinball by Fuse Games is a game that has been declared suitable for everyone but has attained only average ratings.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter that has received excellent ratings. It was developed by Naughty Dog and is rated M (for Mature).The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure game that also includes a shooter aspect. It was developed by Naughty Dog. The game includes some mature content and is thus rated M so that young kids know that they shouldn't play it until they get a little older.The Last of Us, by Naughty Dog is an excellent action-adventure shooter. It has an M (for Mature) rating.I think FIFA 12 is just okay. I normally really love Xbox games, but I'm not really a big fan of sport simulators.FIFA 12 was a decent sports simulation game for the Xbox. There's nothing more to say about it, really.FIFA 12 is neither good nor bad in my opinion. I normally like Xbox games but sport simulators aren't a genre I care for too much.What is it about third person multiplayer games that makes you such a huge fan of them?I can't help but wonder why you like third person multiplayer games so much.What is it about third person games with multiplayer that makes you rave about how awesome they are?You mentioned that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty good. You must enjoy the driving/racing genre quite a bit then, right?I know you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty fun, however, I'm wondering, do you like other driving/racing games too?Do you typically enjoy driving/racing games, or is Need for Speed: Most Wanted something special?Speaking of single-player games suitable on PC, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of single-player games for the PC, one I enjoyed was The Wolf Among Us. Have you heard of it?One of my favorite single-player PC games is The Wolf Among Us, do you know about it?The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game from 2014. Its single-player campaign, developed by the Astronauts, is presented entirely in first person.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was developed by The Astronauts and released in 2014. It is a first person indie adventure game. This single-player game received an average rating.If you like first person indie adventure games, then you should try the 2014 game developed by The Astronauts, called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It has an average rating and no multiplayer.SpellForce 3 is a pretty bad game. The developer Grimlore Games is clearly a bunch of no-talent hacks, and 2017 was a terrible year for games anyway.I wanted to like Grimlore Games' 2017 entry, but in SpellForce 3 they just didn't get anything right.I think SpellForce 3 is really, really bad. It's made by Grimlore Games and their games are always terrible, but it also came out in 2017, which was an especially bad year for them.BioShock is a good role-playing, action-adventure, shooter that released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2007. It is available on Steam, and it has a Mac release but not a Linux release.BioShock is a good action-adventure role-playing game that came out in 2007 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The shooter game is not available on Linux, but is available on Mac and Steam.BioShock was good. It was released in 2007 on PlayStation, Xbox,PC, and Mac, but no Linux. It's an action-adventure, role-playing and shooter game, and you can find it on Steam.If you're talking about third person perspective games from back in 1998, there's always The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you familiar with it?Since you're into older games, I wonder if you've tried the 1998 third person perspective game The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?And speaking of third person games released back in 1998, there's always The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Have you played it?Have any of the games you've played for the PC had a third person perspective, such as Little Big Adventure?Are you into third person PC games like Little Big Adventure?Do you by any chance enjoy third person PC games, such as Little Big Adventure?One game I got into recently on my Xbox is FIFA 12. I mean, on the whole it's pretty much par for the course for sports games, and EA Canada made it, so again, par for the course.FIFA 12 is so-so in my opinion. EA Canada is an okay developer, but they don't really know how to bring out the full potential of the Xbox.In my opinion, FIFA 12 is so-so in quality. I like Xbox games usually, but EA Canada is not a particularly good developer, unfortunately.Are you into Xbox games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?So, do you have any experience with playing games on the Xbox, such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?Have you given Xbox games a try, like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?StarCraft, released in 1998, is a good real-time strategy in the bird view perspective. It has multiplayer capabilities and is rated T (for Teen).A 1998 multiplayer real-time strategy, StarCraft has good reviews, a T (for Teen) rating, and a bird's eye view perspective.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy game with a standard bird view perspective, as well as multiplayer. The game came out in 1998 and it's suitable for teenagers.You mentioned that you enjoyed Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Is it common that you're fond of PC games on Steam?You told me you like Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you play any other PC games that are also available on Steam?You recently said you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, which is on Steam. Do you normally like playing PC games like this?I was wondering if you're into side view games like Tetris?So have you ever played a game that has a side view perspective, like for example Tetris?Are you familiar with side view games like Tetris?For a bird view action strategy, you should play Super Bomberman. It is considered an average-rated game and is single-player only. It was developed by Hudson Soft and released in 1993.Super Bomberman by Hudson Soft in 1993 is an average-rated action and strategy game. It is set in bird view and is single-player.Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game that came out in 1993 by Hudson Soft. This game has no multiplayer functionality and is played in a bird view perspective.Oh, do you mean Undertale, the E rated single-player game?Undertale is the single-player game rated E (for Everyone), if I remember right?You mean the single-player game Undertale, which is rated E (for Everyone)?Hitman 2 is a tactical shooter game, and it is expected out on November 13, 2018.Hitman 2 is a tactical shooter set to be released on November 13, 2018.Hitman 2 is a tactical shooter game. It will be released on November 13, 2018.BioShock is a good role-playing action-adventure first person shooter game that is rated M.BioShock is a pretty good action-adventure role-playing fps. It got an M rating when it was released.BioShock is a good first person action-adventure, role-playing shooter. It is rated M (for Mature).If I remember right, you once told me you found The Forest of Doom to be okay but not earth shattering or anything. Do you feel the same about most of the single-player games these days?You said that The Forest of Doom was okay but didn't blow you away. Could it have been the lack of multiplayer?Do you tend to find single-player games average, or is The Forest of Doom just not very good?Portal 2 is a platforming shooter game with puzzle solving, which even has a multiplayer. It was released in 2011 for PlayStation and PC, and it is available on Steam.A puzzle-shooter platformer game is Portal 2 from 2011. You can play it multiplayer on PlayStation and your PC, and it is available on Steam.Portal 2 is a 2011 multiplayer puzzle-shooter platformer. It is available on Steam, but was originally released for PlayStation and PC.Since you like adventure games, I wonder if you've tried out the indie game Outlast II that was released in 2017?A 2017 adventure indie game that I enjoyed was Outlast II. Have you played it?Another indie adventure game from 2017, which I found particularly fun, was Outlast II. Have you ever played that game?When referring to The Elder Scrolls Online, do you mean the one for the PC that's developed by ZeniMax Online Studios?Is it the PC game, The Elder Scrolls Online, which was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios?Are you talking about ZeniMax Online Studios' PC game, The Elder Scrolls Online?I enjoy Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, even though it was released in 1999. It has a multiplayer, so I can play together with my friends that have it too, which is nice.I had fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. I enjoy a lot of multiplayer games from 1999.I quite liked Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Even though it's a bit dated, coming from 1999, multiplayer is usually a blast.Visual Concepts is one of my favorite developers, so I enjoyed playing NBA 2K16. Though it being stuck on the PlayStation meant it couldn't quite live up to the potential of games that are truly excellent.NBA 2K16 was pretty good. I honestly went in with pretty low expectations when I popped it into my PlayStation, but it seems Visual Concepts did something special with this one.I think that NBA 2K16 was pretty good. Visual Concepts knows what they're doing, and it's on the PlayStation which has my favorite controller.If you like indie adventure platformers, have you ever played Never Alone?You said you like indie adventure platformers. Have you played Never Alone, by any chance?Speaking of adventure platformers, have you heard of the indie game Never Alone?You had good things to say about The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Are you a fan of other projects released by Bethesda Game Studios as well?You enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, if I'm not mistaken. I wanted to ask if you like other games from Bethesda Game Studios too.I remember that you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Do you enjoy other games developed by Bethesda Game Studios?Trivial Pursuit is a poor trivia/board game from 2009 available for PlayStation and Nintendo. It has multiplayer.Trivial Pursuit is a poorly-rated multiplayer trivia/board game from 2009. It runs on PlayStation and Nintendo.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game released in 2009 on PlayStation and Nintendo platforms. It has received poor ratings, but it has a multiplayer option.Shadow of the Tomb Raider? The one that's coming out on Xbox on September 14, 2018?Do you mean the Shadow of the Tomb Raider expected to be released on September 14, 2018, that you will be able to play on Xbox?Is the Shadow of the Tomb Raider you're talking about the one that's supposed to come out for the Xbox on September 14, 2018?MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poorly reviewed third person vehicular combat game released for PlayStation in 2011.The 2011 PlayStation exclusive MotorStorm: Apocalypse is considered a poor third person, vehicular combat game.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was released in 2011. It's a third person vehicular combat game only played on the PlayStation platform. MotorStorm: Apocalypse has a rating of poor.Do you like first person perspective games, for example, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?Have you played any first person games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter?I'm wondering if you ever play games with a first person perspective, like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighting game with a multiplayer mode. It's playable on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not available on Steam or playable on Mac, but it is playable on Linux.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure and fighting game. It has multiplayer and released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has a Linux release but it doesn't have a Mac release and isn't available on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighter with multiplayer for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not on Steam or Mac, but there is Linux support.What is it about first person games on the PC that causes you to find them just so-so?What is it about first person PC games that makes you say they're mostly just average?Why do you think PC games with a first person view are not so good?Do you enjoy first person PC games, such as BioShock?Do you enjoy playing PC games with a first person perspective, like for instance BioShock?Do you normally play first person PC games like BioShock?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a 2005 action-tactical set in first and third person. It is rated M (for Mature) and has good ratings.The 2005 tactical action title Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is an example of a good first and third person video game for mature audiences.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good action tactical game from 2005. It has a first and third person perspective and is rated M.Max Payne is a 2001 game developed by Remedy Entertainment. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as Steam. It's an action-adventure shooter game.Max Payne by Remedy Entertainment came out in 2001. It's an action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam.Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment and released in 2001. It is available on Steam.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a multiplayer turn-based simulation-strategy game for PC. It is available on Steam.Sid Meier's Civilization V has multiplayer and is available on Steam. It's a simulation turn-based strategy game available for PC.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation turn-based strategy game that is available for PC only. Steam has the game, and you can play it multiplayer.What's a really controversial title from 2010?Is there a game from 2010 you can think of that was controversial?Was there any controversial game that came out in 2010?Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action shooter from 2014 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action shooter that released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action shooter that was released in 2014. You can play it on PlayStation and Xbox consoles. It's also available through Steam on PC.If you like multiplayer action-adventure shooter games with a first person and third person perspective then you should try Rise of the Tomb Raider.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter with both first person and third person perspectives. It also features multiplayer.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a multiplayer first and third person action-adventure shooter game.StarCraft is a PC-only real-time strategy game that is a good. You can get this game on Steam and also play it on Mac, but not on Linux.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy game for PC. It is available for Mac but not for Linux. It is unavailable on Steam.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy PC game that is also available on Mac. It is not currently available on Steam or Linux.What makes you say that the RPGs released in 2015 were overall pretty good?What do you like about RPGs from 2015?What do you enjoy about role-playing games released in 2015?Hey do you like multiplayer side view games, like Worms: Reloaded?Are you a fan of multiplayer side view games like Worms: Reloaded?Are side view games with multiplayer any fun for you, you know, like Worms: Reloaded?Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is an action, tactical game that came out in 2005. The game can be played in either first person or third person.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first and third person action-tactical game. It came out in 2005.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first person or third person tactical action game that was released on 2005.You said earlier that you thought Outlast II was average. Are you typically unimpressed by Xbox games from 2017?So you mentioned that Outlast II was just plain old average in quality. Do you think that also applies to the other games released for the Xbox in 2017?I know you felt lukewarm about Outlast II. Do you feel the same about other Xbox games that came out in 2017?Is there any other E rated game that you played lately?What other E rated game can you recommend?Are there any other E rated games you'd suggest?FIFA 12 is a sports sim from 2011 with average ratings, but appropriate for all ages.The sport simulation game, FIFA 12, was released in 2011 and rated E (for Everyone). It is a decent game.FIFA 12 was released in 2011. It was an average simulation sport game that was rated E.Little Nightmares is a good adventure platformer that is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The puzzle game is also on Steam.Little Nightmares is a good adventure puzzle platformer for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can get the game on Steam as well.If you are looking for a good adventure platformer, I recommend Little Nightmares. It involves a good deal of puzzle solving too. This game is available on multiple platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, and PC via Steam.Have you played any lengthy single-player only games lately?What's a lengthy single-player only game that you've played lately?Can you think of any lengthy single-player games without a multiplayer component?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game with a bird view. Originally released in 1999, the game received good ratings. It offers multiplayer functionality.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good bird view real-time strategy with multiplayer. It came out in 1999.1999's Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good multiplayer real-time strategy played from a bird view.One of the best M rated games available for Nintendo is Resident Evil 4, did you ever play it?Speaking of Nintendo games suitable for the M rating, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Since you seem to be a fan of games for the Nintendo with a mature content, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?I think StarCraft is a fun game. Blizzard Entertainment's games are always decent, and I enjoy the real-time strategy genre.StarCraft is a quality game. I tend to enjoy RTS games, and Blizzard Entertainment clearly knows how to make them.Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft is a very good RTS, for real.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is average, as far as bird view games go.I like Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, but the bird view perspective keeps it from being really good or great.I had mixed feelings about the bird view in Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, I felt like it kind of disconnected me from the game.Why do you feel Steam games are pretty good?Why do you like games on Steam?Why do you tend to enjoy games that are released on Steam?Is this about the game Diablo II, that you can even play on Mac?Do you mean Diablo II that was released on the Mac?Are you talking about the Diablo II that you can play on Mac too?A pretty bad game that was released on Xbox and PC is Alan Wake's American Nightmare. This action-adventure shooter got poor reviews, but it's still available on Steam.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure shooter. It's available on Xbox and PC via the Steam platform. This game launched to poor reviews.A poorly-rated action-adventure shooter is Alan Wake's American Nightmare. It is available on Xbox, PC and Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest, by Moon Studios, is a puzzle-platformer adventure game played in side view. It does not have a multiplayer option.Ori and the Blind Forest is a side view adventure puzzle-platformer game developed by Moon Studios. It does not have a multiplayer feature.If you aren't interested in multiplayer, check out Ori and the Blind Forest, developed by Moon Studios. It is a side view platformer with puzzles and adventure.Are you fond of playing PC games with a third person perspective, such as Silent Hill 2?Say, do you usually like third person PC games like Silent Hill 2?So do you enjoy third person perspective PC games, like Silent Hill 2?You once said Worms: Reloaded was kinda okay, but nothing all that special. Is it perhaps because PC is not the platform of your choice?Are you normally nonplussed by PC games, or is Worms: Reloaded atypical?You mentioned that Worms: Reloaded was an okay game, but nothing amazing. In general, do you feel that way about PC games?Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a fun racing game, and it is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game that was rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB.Is Mac the platform of your choice?Is it important for you that games have a Mac release in order for you to play it?Are you a Mac gamer?Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999 real-time strategy game with bird view. It was released by Ensemble Studios, and it has good ratings.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, is a 1999 adventure game with real-time strategy. The developer Ensemble Studios ensures that the player perspective displays in bird view. Therefore, the user experience is very good.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good real-time strategy game developed by Ensemble Studios in 1999. You play this from a bird view perspective.F1 2014 from Codemasters Birmingham is a good one that you can get on Steam. Have you checked it out?I know Codemasters Birmingham has some games released on Steam, such as F1 2014. Have you heard of that one?Codemasters Birmingham has some pretty good games out on Steam, such as F1 2014. You ever heard of it?I don't really like games that blend the action-adventure and shooter genres together, and I also think that Steam is obnoxious, so I just really hated Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness.I like how Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is now available on Steam, but it does not compare well to other action-adventure shooters on there.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an overall poor action-adventure shooter, which shouldn't have even been released on Steam.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game that is for the PlayStation and Xbox. You can play this from either a bird view or a third person perspective.If you like sport simulation games, give Madden NFL 15 a try. It gives the player a choice between bird view or third person view. It is available on PlayStation and Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game for the PlayStation and Xbox. It features bird- and third person views.When you mention The Room, do you mean the one that came out in 2012?Are you talking about the 2012 game, The Room?Do you mean the 2012 game The Room?I didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, it felt a little immature for a T rated game.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits isn't a good game, not even for teens, depite being rated T.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a pretty poor rated T game.Sid Meier's Civilization V (2010) is a turn-based simulation-strategy game that is set in bird view.Released in 2010, Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation turn-based strategy that is played from a bird view perspective.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation turn-based strategy game with a bird view that was released in 2010.If you like role-playing shooters that have multiplayer, try Payday 2. It came out in 2013.Payday 2 from 2013 is an RPG shooter with multiplayer.Payday 2 from 2013 is a role-playing shooter with multiplayer.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent adventure puzzle-platformer with a side view perspective. Released in 2015, the game is single-player and rated E (for Everyone).Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent side view adventure-puzzle game for single players. This platformer came out in 2015 and is rated E (for Everyone).An excellent puzzle adventure game with a side view perspective, Ori and the Blind Forest was released in 2015. This platformer has been rated E (for Everyone), but has no multiplayer.Do you play multiplayer games?Do you like to play games that have a multiplayer option?Do you find multiplayer games enjoyable?I know you like pinball and puzzle games. Metroid Prime Pinball is both, have you tried it?Since you mentioned you like pinball-puzzle games, have you played Metroid Prime Pinball?Since we're on the subject of puzzle pinball games, it got me wondering, have you heard of Metroid Prime Pinball?Spider-Man is an action-adventure game that's to be released on September 7, 2018.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game that should come out September 7, 2018.A new action-adventure Spider-Man game is coming out September 7, 2018.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a action-adventure puzzle role-playing game that was released in the year 1998 on the Nintendo. It sports a bird view and a third person perspective. It does not have multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time from 1998 is a single-player action-adventure, role-playing game. This puzzle game is set in bird view and third person. It is out for Nintendo.If you like action-adventure role-playing puzzle games, then you should try the 1998 video game called The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, which uses third person and bird view perspectives. It is only released on the Nintendo and, unfortunately, has no multiplayer.I didn't like SpellForce 3 at all. The real-time strategy and role-playing genres it combines normally aren't my favorite anyways, but them throwing in a multiplayer mode just diluted the focus and made the whole thing a mess.I had thought the multiplayer would enhance SpellForce 3, but the RTS RPG was still lackluster.I don't usually like multiplayer games, but I gave SpellForce 3 a chance just in case. Unfortunately, it was a disaster of a game that combined two genres I hate, real-time strategy and role-playing.The 2016 role-playing, third person shooter, tactical game, Tom Clancy's The Division, got average reviews.Tom Clancy's The Division from 2016 is an average third person role-playing tactical shooter.Tom Clancy's The Division is a third person tactical shooter RPG that came out in 2016. It only earned average reviews.Since you like indie games, I wonder if you've tried the 2015 adventure role-playing game Undertale?If indie adventure role-playing games are your thing, you should check out Undertale from 2015. Have you heard of it, by any chance?A 2015 indie adventure RPG that I enjoyed is Undertale, are you familiar with it?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game, and it was released for Xbox in 2008.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game released in 2008 for Xbox.If you like music games, then you should try the Xbox video game released in 2008 called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3.Driver is a third person driving simulation game. It has no multiplayer and is available for PlayStation and PC only.Driver is a third person driving simulator that was released for PlayStation and PC. There is no multiplayer mode.Driver is a third person driving sim with no multiplayer. It was released for PlayStation and PC.You said that Rocket League was a fun game to play. Do you remember other games released on the Nintendo Switch in 2015 being equally good?You mentioned earlier that you liked Rocket League. Are you frequently a fan of games from 2015 on Nintendo Switch?You said you liked Rocket League from 2015. Do you enjoy other games on the Nintendo Switch as well?Since you play a lot of games for Xbox, I was wondering, have you played Need for Speed: The Run?Since you just got an Xbox, have you tried Need for Speed: The Run yet?Man, you have an Xbox. Surely you've heard of Need for Speed: The Run?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a good sports multiplayer title for my money. Have you played it before?Speaking of multiplayer sports games, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?You mentioned liking multiplayer sport games. Are you familiar with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Do you like multiplayer games by EA Digital Illusions CE, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you like EA Digital Illusions CE's games with multiplayer in them like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?I was wondering, are you fond of the games developed by EA Digital Illusions CE that have multiplayer, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?HellBlade: Senua's Sacrifice is a fantastic indie hack-and-slash adventure. It came out in 2017 for just about everything: PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. Unfortunately, there's no Mac or Linux releases.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie hack-and-slash adventure game released in 2017 on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, but it does not have a release on Mac and Linux.The excellent indie adventure game Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice features hack-and-slash action. This PlayStation, Xbox and PC game that was released in 2017 has no Linux or Mac compatibility but is available on Steam.Life is Strange was developed by Dontnod Entertainment and released in 2015. It is a third person role-playing game.Life is Strange is a role-playing game played in third person perspective, and was released in 2015 by Dontnod Entertainment.Life is Strange is a third person role-playing game developed by Dontnod Entertainment. The game was released in 2015.Driver is an average driving simulation game. You play in third person, and there is no multiplayer mode.Driver was an average driving simulation game with a third person perspective. It didn't have multiplayer.Driver is a third person driving simulation game with average ratings. It is single-player only.Have you been playing any fast paced multiplayer games lately?Have you played any fast-paced multiplayer games lately?What's a really fast-paced game with multiplayer that you like to play?What do you think is the funniest game of all time?What's the funniest game you've played?I'm looking for something to make me laugh, what do you think is the funniest game you've ever played?Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation with a bird view that is on the PC. The game is rated T (for teen) and is available on Steam, but not on either Linux or Mac.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy and simulation game released for PC. Offering bird view perspective, the game gives players an opportunity to experience castle life in medieval times. The game is rated T (for Teen) and is available on Steam for Windows, with no planned release for Linux or Mac.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game available on Steam. It has a bird view and is rated T. You can play on PC, but not on Linux or Mac.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a 1998 action-adventure game developed by Nintendo EAD and released for Nintendo consoles. The third person game combines role-playing, puzzles, and adventure, plus it allows the game to be played from a bird view too.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was released by Nintendo EAD in 1998. It is an action-adventure, puzzle, role-playing game for Nintendo. You play from a bird view, in third person.In 1998 Nintendo EAD released The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time on their Nintendo platform. It redefined the third person bird's eye action-adventure puzzle RPG genre.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a pretty good game. I like strategy simulators like it, and MicroProse clearly knew what they were doing when making it.I've been enjoying playing RollerCoaster Tycoon lately. MicroProse knows how to make a quality strategy sim, and it shows in this game.RollerCoaster Tycoon was really well made by MicroProse. It's a seminal simulation/strategy game and I enjoyed it a fair amount.You said earlier that you enjoyed Assassin's Creed II. Are you generally a fan of platforming action-adventure games for PlayStation?You said that you liked Assassin's Creed II. Do you generally like to play action-adventure platformers on the PlayStation?You said that Assassin's Creed II was pretty fun. In general, do you enjoy playing those action-adventure platformers that are available for PlayStation?Can you explain to me, why is it that the games made by Attention To Detail are ones you always find to be average in quality?You've said you find games developed by Attention To Detail to be okay but not great. What is it about them that makes you say that?Why do you find Attention To Detail to be so average?Did you play any PC games that were overly buggy?Have you experienced any buggy PC games recently?Do you remember any particularly buggy PC games? I'd like to know so I can avoid them.Have you ever played an M rated action-adventure shooter, such as for example Max Payne?Do you also enjoy M rated action-adventure shooter games such as Max Payne?Do you have the stomach for M rated action-adventure shooters, such as Max Payne?Multiplayer games for the PC are always at least a little fun, so I've been enjoying playing Diablo II lately.The other day I was remembering Diablo II, which was a quality game. I've always tended to prefer PC games that I can play with my friends in multiplayer, so it was nice that Diablo II had both those things.Diablo II is a solid multiplayer game for the PC.Is there any brand new Xbox games you're interested in?What's your favorite brand new Xbox Game?Do you remember the name of that brand new Xbox game?For E rated action strategy games, you can't go wrong with Super Bomberman. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of action strategy games suitable for all ages, have you heard of Super Bomberman?While on the subject of family friendly action strategy games, Super Bomberman is like that and has an E rating. Are you familiar with it?Have you played any games from 2016, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Have you played any games that came out in 2016, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Are any of the games you played games released in 2016, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?You said that you abhored Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Is it safe to say then you're just not about single-player action-adventure shooters?If I remember correctly, you did not like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Is it true though that you overall don't like to play action-adventure shooter games if they don't have a multiplayer mode?Earlier you mentioned not liking Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. So then can I assume you're not fond of action-adventure shooting games without multiplayer?So Mass Effect 2 is a game you find really excellent, I remember you mentioning. Would you say that, in general, you love the M rated games that are there on PlayStation?Earlier you said that you loved Mass Effect 2. Is that true for other PlayStation games rated M (for Mature)?I remember you saying that you love Mass Effect 2. Do you frequently love playing PlayStation games with M-rating content?So what is it about the games on the Nintendo that makes you love them so much?What is it about Nintendo games that makes you rave about how awesome they are?Why do you think Nintendo makes such excellent games?StarCraft was developed by Blizzard Entertainment, and was released with a T (for Teen) rating. It's a real-time strategy game.Blizzard Entertainment's real-time strategy game StarCraft is rated T (for Teen).StarCraft is a real-time strategy developed by Blizzard Entertainment. It has a T (for Teen) rating.You told me that you were only so-so of Need for Speed: The Run. Is this the case for all third person driving or racing games?A moment ago, you said you felt that Need for Speed: The Run was a so-so game. Is that, by any chance, how you feel about many third person driving/racing games?You mentioned earlier that you felt so-so about Need for Speed: The Run. Do you generally feel the same for other third person driving/racing games?Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle platformer that is out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam.The puzzle-platformer Little Nightmares is available on Steam. The adventure game can be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle-platformer, available on Steam for PC. The game is also available on PlayStation and Xbox.You said that you don't like Euro Truck Simulator. Is this the case for all games that lack multiplayer and Linux support?Earlier you said you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Are you typically not a fan of games without multiplayer that aren't on Linux?Previously you mentioned that you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do is make you mad when games are not released for Linux and don't even offer a multiplayer mode?I know you like M rated games, have you tried The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?I know you're into M rated games. So, have you checked out The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt yet?Oh, on the topic of M rated games, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is absolutely amazing. Have you played it?Nightshade is a poor text adventure game from 2017. It was released for PC but not for Linux or Mac.If you're looking for a text adventure game, try Nightshade. It was released in 2017 for PC, though it doesn't have Linux or Mac support and has received some low ratings.Nightshade is an example of a bad text adventure that was released in 2017. It's only available on PC, with no Mac or Linux support.If you're an action-adventure platformer fan, you might want to check out Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. It came out in 2016, and don't expect any multiplayer.In 2016 Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was released as an action-adventure platformer game. Unfortunately, it does not have multiplayer.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India from 2016 is an action-adventure platformer game that doesn't have multiplayer.What do you think is the most fascinating game you've played?Is there any game you've played lately that you felt was fascinating?Are there any fascinating games you'd recommend?Do you enjoy M rated action adventure shooter RPGs like BioShock?So I've gotten curious now, do you enjoy playing M rated action-adventure shooters with role-playing elements, such as BioShock?Are you also a fan of action-adventure role-playing shooter games rated M (for Mature), such as BioShock?RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good single-player simulation strategy game in which you play from a top down view.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation strategy game with a bird view. It doesn't have multiplayer though.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation strategy game. You play with a bird's eye perspective. It's too bad there's no multiplayer.Have you played any sports simulators lately that you would say are simple?Is there a sport simulator you know of that is simple?Do you know any simple sports simulation games I could play?If you want to play role-playing games, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent third person action-adventure game. It came out in 2015 and is rated M (for Mature).The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing game for third person. It was released in 2015 and is rated M (for Mature).The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent game that was released in 2015. It is an M-rated third person action-adventure role-playing game.Quantum Break is an overall average single-player experience, no multiplayer to speak of in this title.Quantum Break would have been so much better with multiplayer. I really prefer playing with other people, you know?Quantum Break wasn't a terrible game, but I didn't really dig it. I'm afraid I just don't truly enjoy a game unless it's got a multiplayer mode.Need for Speed: Most Wanted was released in 2005 with a good rating. This game is strictly racing but you can also play with your online friends via multiplayer mode. You should be at least 13 to play this game because it is rated T (for Teen).Released in 2005 Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game for teens, as it offers a multiplayer mode.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game that was released in 2005. It is rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB and does have a multiplayer.I'm curious, why do you enjoy sport racing simulators on the PlayStation?Why do you find the PlayStation's lineup of sport racing simulators to be enjoyable games to play?What makes sport racing simulation games fun on PlayStation?Is the FIFA 12 you mentioned the E rated one that's on Nintendo?So you mean FIFA 12, rated E (for Everyone), for the Nintendo system?Do you mean FIFA 12, the E rated Nintendo game?Are you familiar with developer MicroProse's lineup of PC games, one example being RollerCoaster Tycoon?If you've played many PC games by MicroProse; is RollerCoaster Tycoon one of them?Do you enjoy MicroProse's PC games like RollerCoaster Tycoon?Do you mean Horizon: Zero Dawn from Guerrilla Games?Is that the game Horizon: Zero Dawn that Guerrilla Games created?Are you referring to the Horizon: Zero Dawn developed by Guerrilla Games?Diablo II is a fun game. It's pretty enjoyable to be able to play bloody M rated games like it with my friends in multiplayer.Diablo II is a really good multiplayer M rated game from Blizzard North.I've been enjoying playing Diablo II quite a bit lately. M rated games like that which you can play with friends are always fun.You said you didn't love nor hate Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel the same about other multiplayer action-adventure puzzle and shooter games?You said that you felt Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was merely average. Are you usually underwhelmed by multiplayer action-adventure games with puzzles and shooting?So Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was, in your view, neither good nor bad, if I remember right. Do you feel similarly about other puzzle action-adventure shooters, even when they had a multiplayer?Do you mean Eidos Montral's Shadow of the Tomb Raider, expected to come out on September 14, 2018?Is that the Shadow of the Tomb Raider developed by Eidos Montral that is expected to be released on September 14, 2018?Is the Shadow of the Tomb Raider you're talking about the one that's supposed to be released on September 14, 2018 by Eidos Montral?Rise of the Tomb Raider from 2015 is a Crystal Dynamics action-adventure first person shooter with third person view options. It's on PlayStation, Xbox and PC through Steam.If you enjoy action-adventure shooter games, try Rise of the Tomb Raider by Crystal Dynamics. It's a first person, as well as third person, game that was released in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a 2015 action-adventure first person and third person shooter. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam.Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Is it because they don't release these M rated games for Linux?I remember you saying that Tom Clancy's The Division was just okay. Do you have a preference for mature games on Linux?I recall that you found Tom Clancy's The Division to be average. In general are you unimpressed with M (for Mature) rated games that aren't available on Linux?What does Evolution Studios tend to mess up in their vehicular combat games that you dislike them so much?How come vehicular combat games made by Evolution Studios are so bad in your view?Why do you say that Evolution Studios' vehicular combat games are so bad?Is the Undertale you just referred to the indie adventure RPG that came out in 2015?2015's indie adventure RPG, Undertale, is that correct?Undertale? The 2015 indie adventure RPG darling?EA Digital Illusions CE really dropped the ball when they announced Battlefield V, and upcoming first person shooter with action elements. The game's focus is on multiplayer, and it will launch on October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is a new first person action shooter with multiplayer, developed by EA Digital Illusions CE. It is expected to be released October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is an action shooter game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE that's being released on October 16, 2018. You play this from a first person perspective, and there is multiplayer involved as well.For an adventure role-playing game with a bird view perspective, try the indie game Undertale from 2015. Unfortunately, it offers no multiplayer.Undertale is an indie adventure game. It does not have multiplayer and is a bird view role-playing game that was released in 2015.Undertale was finally released in 2015. It's an indie adventure RPG played from a bird's eye perspective. Unfortunately there's no multiplayer option.I didn't enjoy Mirror's Edge Catalyst at all. It's because the first person perspective was absolutely the wrong choice for it and made it terrible to play.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a pretty poor first person game.I avoid first person perspective games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst, it can become somewhat nauseating.Previously, you stated that you felt NHL 15 is just so-so. Is this the case for all multiplayer sport simulations?You said earlier that you thought NHL 15 was average. Are you unimpressed in general by multiplayer sports simulation games?You said that NHL 15 could be fun but was mostly just average. Do you in general feel that multiplayer sports simulators are like that?You seem to have liked some other 2014 games, was Madden NFL 15 also among them?And for yet another game that came out in 2014 that you might be interested in, have you ever heard of Madden NFL 15?Speaking of cool stuff released in 2014, have you played Madden NFL 15?You said that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Is this the case for all third person games rated T?Previously you told me that you really don't like to play Need for Speed: Payback. Does that sentiment hold for other T rated third person games?You told me you didn't really like Need for Speed: Payback. But would your opinion change if it didn't have that third person perspective and a teen rating?You seem to enjoy single-player only games a fair amount, what is it you like about them?What do you enjoy about single-player games?What is that you find fun about single-player games?F1 2014 is a multiplayer sport racing simulator from 2014. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not out on Mac or Linux.F1 2014 was a sport racing simulation game that could be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It wasn't released for Linux or Mac. It can be played in multiplayer and was released in 2014.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulator with multiplayer. Released in 2014, it's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Do you mean the Little Big Adventure that Adeline Software International developed and released in 1994?Is that Little Big Adventure, developed by Adeline Software International in 1994?Little Big Adventure from 1994, developed by Adeline Software International?The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, released by Bethesda Game Studios in 2011, has been receiving positive ratings. This single-player adventure role-playing game was made for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and is available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good single-player adventure RPG. The game was released in 2011 by Bethesda Game Studios. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure role-playing game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and released in 2011. The game was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, including being available on Steam. This game has no multiplayer.2K Boston really made a good game in the M rated BioShock.I rather enjoyed BioShock. Developer 2K Boston makes solid quality games, and the M rating gave it some nice grittyness.BioShock from 2K Boston is good if you aren't bothered by the M (for Mature) rating. I'm not.So since you're into third person action adventure RPGs with puzzle elements, have you ever heard of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?If you're looking for a third person action-adventure game with both puzzle and role-playing elements, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of the best ever made. Have you ever played it?Of course, a classic third person action-adventure RPG full of puzzles is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Did you ever play it before?A Way Out was a good action-adventure game. It's third player and has multiplayer. It was released in 2018.A Way Out is a solid third person action-adventure game. It came out in 2018 and it has a multiplayer system built in.In 2018 a multiplayer action game filled with adventure released called A Way Out. It has gotten good ratings and is played as a third person.What's a game from 2004 that you thought was fascinating?Do you know any fascinating games from 2004?In 2004, was there any game released that you felt was fascinating?Stronghold 2 is an all-in-all average game from 2005 among all those on Steam.Stronghold 2 is okay, but I have some issues with it. It came out in 2005 and I tend to enjoy games from that year, but the fact that it's on Steam annoys me.For a Steam game released in 2005, Stronghold 2 is about average.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a single-player simulation strategy game. You play the game from bird view.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a bird view strategy and simulation game. Originally released in 1999, RollerCoaster Tycoon does not offer multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game with a bird view. It doesn't have multiplayer.Portal 2 is an awesome game. I loved the first person perspective, and Valve Corporation is an amazing developer whose games are always my favorites.Portal 2 is yet another amazing entry into Valve Corporation's gaming library. A downright perfect first person puzzle game with a great story and humor to boot! You must play it because really, there's just nothing like it.I think Portal 2 is an amazing game. Valve Corporation is an excellent developer, and the first person perspective of the game really enhances the experience.Considering you're a fan of some other games from 1994, I wonder if you have also given Transport Tycoon a try at some point.I think you might like the 1994 game Transport Tycoon. Have you ever heard of it?I know older games are pretty hit or miss, but I think you'd love 1994's Transport Tycoon. You heard of it?Kunos Simulazioni developed a good sport racing simulation game, called Assetto Corsa. It is rated E (for Everyone), and it can be played from the first or third person perspective.Assetto Corsa is a good E rated sport racing game that was released by Kunos Simulazioni. The simulation aspect can be enjoyed from either the first or the third person perspective.Assetto Corsa is a good example of a sport driving simulation game for everyone, with support of both first person and third person perspectives. It was developed by Kunos Simulazioni.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game that was released in 1999. It is played in the third person perspective. The game does not support multiplayer.If you want an action-adventure game, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a single-player third person puzzle-shooter from 1999. It has good ratings.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a solid action-adventure game released in 1999. The single-player experience combines third person shooter mechanics with puzzle solving.You weren't quite fond of Transport Tycoon, I believe. Does it have to do with it only being released for PC?You seem kind of ambivalent about Transport Tycoon. Is this because it's only on PC?You said you felt Transport Tycoon was of average quality. In general, do you just find PC games to be so-so like that?What do you think about PlayStation games from 2015 like Undertale?I was wondering, do you enjoy the PlayStation games that came out in 2015, such as Undertale?Do you think you would enjoy PlayStation games that came out in 2015, such as Undertale?Are you talking about Ori and the Blind Forest on Xbox?Do you mean Ori and the Blind Forest on the Xbox?Is this the Ori and the Blind Forest that you can play on Xbox?In your opinion, the best games were released in what year?What is your favorite year that games came out?Which year do you think had the best games?The arcade game, Tetris, is a puzzle strategy released in 1986 and is played with a side view.Tetris is an arcade game centered around puzzle and strategy. The 1986 release places you in a side view player perspective.Tetris is a strategic puzzler arcade game with a side view released in 1986.In your opinion, what's the most realistic first person game?What's a first person game you think was realistic?What do you think is the most realistic first person game out there?What is your preferred platform for gaming these days?So tell me, what platform do you game on?What's your favorite platform, huh?Assassin's Creed II is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on Steam. It's an action-adventure game with platforming gameplay. I wish there was multiplayer, but there isn't.Assassin's Creed II is a single-player action-adventure platformer game for PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. It is available on Steam, too.Assassin's Creed II is an action-adventure platformer game available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent, multiplayer action-adventure, driving/racing, shooter that was released in 2013. It can played in either first person or third person.Grand Theft Auto V, released in 2013, is an excellent first or third person action-adventure, driving/racing and shooter game. It is playable in multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is a first person and third person driving/racing, shooter, action-adventure game that offers multiplayer. It was released in 2013 and received excellent ratings.In 2010, 4a Games came out with Metro 2033. It is a good first person action shooter. It also has elements of role-playing in it.If you're a fan of FPS role-playing games, you'd probably enjoy Metro 2033. 4A games released it in 2010, and it's a good action game.Metro 2033 is a good action game that came out in 2010 by 4A Games. The role-playing shooter is first person only.Nightshade is a poorly rated text adventure game for the PC, and is available on Steam.The text adventure game, Nightshade, is available on PC only, and has negative ratings. You can get it on Steam.Nightshade is a poor text adventure game released for PC through Steam.What's the game with the most ridiculous storyline you've ever played?Is there a game you know of that you just thought was ridiculous?Do you know any games that were just ridiculous?I got an opportunity to try Bus Driver recently, but man, this indie driving/racing simulator is just not good at all, not even on the PC.I don't like Bus Driver at all. Indie driving/racing simulators aren't a type of game I normally like anyways, and to make it even worse, it's made for the PC.I didn't enjoy Bus Driver, but I usually don't like indie driving/racing simulation games for PC.Superhot is an indie shooter with tactical elements that was released in 2016 with a T rating (for Teen) for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter, released in 2016 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter that came out in 2016. This game is rated T (for Teen) and is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.You mentioned you thought Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was simply okay. Are you generally not that into PC games from 2001?I know you've said that you feel Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an okay game, but it could have been better. Do you think most games released for the PC in 2001 feel like that now?You mentioned earlier that you felt neutral about Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Do you feel the same about other PC games from 2001?You said that you liked Crysis. Do you often play first person games from Crytek Frankfurt?You said earlier that you enjoyed Crysis. Do you usually play first person games from Crytek Frankfurt?You said that Crysis was a solid game. Would you say Crytek Frankfurt has a pretty good recipe for their first person perspective games?Can you recommend any smart third person games?Do you know of a third person game with smart AI?Have you played any smart third person games lately?I'm just curious why you think Overkill Software's Nintendo Switch games are often somewhat underwhelming.Tell me, why do you think that games made by Overkill Software for the Nintendo Switch are mediocre?Why do you think that Overkill Software's games for Nintendo Switch are so average?Horizon: Zero Dawn is rated T and is an action-adventure shooter RPG for PlayStation.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure RPG shooter game that came out on PlayStation. It is rated T (for Teens), so it's not for kids.Horizon: Zero Dawn was released for PlayStation only and is rated T (for Teen). This game is an action-adventure shooter RPG.Let me ask you, what do you find fun about side view adventure puzzle platformers?What are some aspects of side view adventure puzzle platformer games that you like?Would you tell me more about what it is about side view perspective adventure platformers full of puzzles that you enjoy?Resident Evil 4 is a 2005 action-adventure, third person shooter that was rated M (for Mature). It has excellent reviews.In the year 2005 Resident Evil 4 earned excellent ratings as a third person action-adventure shooter. It also received an M rating for its mature themes.Resident Evil 4 is an excellently rated action-adventure shooter with a third person player perspective. Released in 2005, it is rated M (for Mature).Madden NFL 15 is a good game for a bird view perspective game, but not great.Madden NFL 15 uses a bird's eye view, which is OK considering its average graphics.I think that Madden NFL 15 was a so-so game. I generally like games like it but the bird view perspective held it back a bit.Mafia is a third person shooter with driving and fighting elements, for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It wasn't released for Linux and Mac.Mafia is a third person shooter that was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and has elements of driving and fighting. The game was not released for Mac or Linux.Mafia is a third person fighting shooter game with driving elements. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Unfortunately, it does not have a Linux or Mac release.1990 was the year I first started gaming and I'll always have a soft spot for games from that year. And by far my favorite developer from that time was Nintendo EAD, which is why Super Mario World is possibly my favorite game ever.Super Mario World is Nintendo EAD's effort to create pure fun in physical form, experimentation which took decades and finally culminated in a great success in 1990.Super Mario World is the one and only game for me! I think 1990 was the golden age for Nintendo EAD, and this game is simply la crme de la crme.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good turn-based strategy simulation game. It has a bird view and multiplayer, and was released in 2010 by Firaxis Games.In 2010 Firaxis Games released a multiplayer simulation and turn-based strategy game called Sid Meier's Civilization V. It has been getting good reviews online especially with its bird view perspective.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a solid turn-based strategy game released in 2010. The bird view simulation game was developed by Firaxis Games, and offers a multiplayer mode.So what is it about action-adventure platformers that makes you enjoy them?Hey, so what is it about action-adventure platformers that you enjoy?Why is it you find action-adventure platformers so good?God of War was released in 2018 for PlayStation. It's an excellent action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game that is played in third person. There is no multiplayer mode.The 2018 PlayStation exclusive game, God of War, has gotten excellent ratings. The single-player game is popular for its adventure-filled action, platforming, and role-playing capabilities. The players play from a third person perspective.God of War is a role-playing, action-adventure, platformer released in 2018 for PlayStation. The game received an excellent rating. Even though it's not multiplayer, you get to play in the third person perspective.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a T-rated vehicular combat game with poor user ratings. It was made for PlayStation and released in 2011.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat rated T (for Teen) that was released for PlayStation in 2011. It got a poor reception.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poor vehicular combat game that was rated T (for Teen). It was released for the PlayStation in 2011.Is that the PC game from Uncasual Games, Ancient Cities?The PC game Ancient Cities, which was developed by Uncasual Games?You mean Ancient Cities, the PC game developed by Uncasual Games, right?Metro 2033 is a good action, role-playing, shooter game. There is no multiplayer mode. The game is available for Xbox and PC, as well as Steam, but there was no release for Linux or Mac.Metro 2033 has received good ratings by people who have played it. You can get the game on Xbox, PC, and it is also available on Steam. It does not have a Linux or a Mac release. The game is a role-playing shooter with a lot of single-player action.If you like action, role-playing shooters with no multiplayer, you'll enjoy Metro 2033. It has good ratings and can be played on Xbox or PC. It is available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.You mentioned enjoying World of Warcraft. Do you in general like playing PC games?World of Warcraft seems to have been fun for you. Is PC the platform of your choice for gaming?You said you liked World of Warcraft. Is that your opinion for most PC games?Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person, action-adventure puzzle game that released in 2001.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure puzzler game. It came out in 2001.Silent Hill 2 was released in 2001 and is an excellent action-adventure and puzzle-oriented game shot in third person.Is that the Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia with turn-based strategy, released in 1999?Are you talking about Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia from 1999, the turn-based strategy game?Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, the 1999 turn-based strategy game?Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure shooter released by Remedy Entertainment in 2012. It doesn't have a multiplayer mode.Alan Wake's American Nightmare was developed by Remedy Entertainment and came out in 2012. It is a single-player only story in an action-adventure, shooter setting.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure shooter game that came out in 2012 by Remedy Entertainment. This game does not have a multiplayer functionality.You mentioned that Quantum Break was merely okay. But I'm wondering, do you feel the same way about the other games released for Xbox in 2016?If you thought Quantum Break was alright, did you feel that way about Xbox games in 2016 as a whole?I remember you saying that you found Quantum Break to be average. Is this similar to other Xbox games from 2016?The driving/racing arcade game TrackMania Turbo is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and through Steam.An arcade-style racing game on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC is TrackMania Turbo. It's available on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade, driving/racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is currently available on Steam.2007's Crysis is an action-adventure FPS. It's a game with positive reviews, and it even has multiplayer.Crysis is a good action-adventure game that came out in 2007. This first person shooter can be played multiplayer.Crysis is a multiplayer first person action-adventure, shooter. It was released in 2007 and has good ratings.Worms: Reloaded is an average action, platformer, strategy game with side view player perspective and multiplayer mode.Worms: Reloaded is an average action platformer strategy game. It has a side view and features multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is an average action platformer that requires strategy with a side view perspective. While you can play solo, the game also offers multiplayer as well.Portal 2 is an excellent puzzle game and first person platformer shooter. It was released in 2011 and has multiplayer in it.Another excellent game is Portal 2 from 2011. It's a multiplayer puzzle-platformer FPS.Portal 2 is an excellent first person puzzle shooter platformer with multiplayer. It was released in 2011.If you enjoy action as much as role-play, try Metro 2033. It's a first person shooter game from 2010 that runs on Xbox and PC. You can find it on Steam, though it doesn't have Linux or Mac support.Metro 2033 is an action-packed role-playing shooter that was released in 2010. It's available on the Xbox, PC, and is also available in the Steam store. You play in first person perspective throughout this game. It has no Linux or Mac release.Metro 2033 was released in the year 2010 on the Xbox and PC and available for download on Steam, though it hasn't been released for Linux or Mac, leaving it to be a Windows release only. It' is a action, role-playing, shooter through the first person perspective.Do you find availability on Steam to be important to you when deciding about getting a new game?Do you purchase games from Steam?Do you like games with availability on Steam?Mirror's Edge Catalyst made a poor effort mixing the action adventure and fighting genreI can never get into action-adventure fighting games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst, there's just too much going on there.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was a very bad game in my view. Trying to combine the action-adventure and fighting genres was a big mistake and made the game a complete mess.I'm curious, what is the game genre you like the best?Are there certain genres you just love to play?What would you say is your favorite genre of video game?I don't like Steam and I think focusing on a Linux release takes time away from making a game good, so I like games like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings that avoids all that.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, was a good game. Getting a hold of it was tough though, since it's neither on Steam nor Linux.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is one game I like to play. Even though it doesn't have a Linux version or a Steam release, to me the game-play is worth being on the appropriate platform.Ancient Cities is expected out on December 1, 2018. It will be Uncasual Games' latest simulation-strategy game, and it will function in bird view.Ancient Cities is developed by Uncasual Games and will be out on December 1, 2018. It is a strategy simulation with a bird view.Ancient Cities is an upcoming simulation-strategy game due to be released on December 1, 2018. It is being developed by Uncasual Games and is played from a bird view.You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Is that the case with all 2005 releases by Firefly Studios?You said you felt so-so about Stronghold 2. In general, do you like releases from Firefly Studios in 2005?You said earlier that Stronghold 2 was merely average. Is this sentiment typically true for all games Firefly Studios released in 2005?Previously you mentioned you like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you normally like playing single-player PlayStation games?You've mentioned how much you enjoy Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation before. Is it common that you prefer single-player games on PlayStation?Previously you stated that Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was a game you liked. You must enjoy getting immersed in single-player games on the PlayStation, don't you?Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game set in bird view and third person perspective. It is rated T (for Teen) and was released in 1997.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent role-playing adventure game played in both bird's eye and third person view. It was released in 1997 and is rated T (for Teen).With excellent reviews, Final Fantasy VII is an unforgettable bird view and third person adventure title from 1997. This RPG is rated T (for Teen).What's a nice and easy game with a side view perspective that you've played?What easy side view game do you think tops them all?Do you know any easy side view games I can play with my family?Nightshade is a text adventure game developed by Red Entertainment Corporation. It was released in 2017 with no multiplayer.Nightshade is a 2017 single-player text adventure game developed by Red Entertainment Corporation.Nightshade is a text adventure game by Red Entertainment Corporation that came out in 2017. This game doesn't have multiplayer.You said you really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you generally a big fan of Konami  Computer Entertainment Japan games for PlayStation?Everyone loves Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, and it seems like one of your favorite games too. Do you think it being created by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan had anything to do with its success, or was it all about being released on PlayStation?You said that you absolutely loved Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Do you generally like releases from Konami Computer Entertainment Japan on the PlayStation?I have been wondering if you also like games with multiplayer, such as Might & Magic: Heroes VI for example?Are you into multiplayer games like Might & Magic: Heroes VI?Do you also enjoy multiplayer games like Might & Magic: Heroes VI, by any chance?If you like multiplayer hack-and-slash role-playing games, then you should try Diablo II, which uses a bird view perspective. It has a good rating, and was released on the PC and Mac but not on Linux.Diablo II is a fun hack-and-slash role-playing game. It has a bird view perspective and multiplayer, and can be played on Mac and PC. It doesn't have a Linux release.Diablo II is a good game that could be played on PC with a Mac release, but not Linux. It is a multiplayer, bird view, hack-and-slash role-playing genre game.I remember you mentioned you did not like Euro Truck Simulator. Are you just not a fan of any first person driving simulation games?You mentioned not liking Euro Truck Simulator. Are you not about first person driving/racing simulation games?Previously you told me that you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Would having an alternative perspective besides the first person view improve your experience in driving simulators perhaps?Tom Clancy's The Division was a pretty underwhelming Xbox game, mediocre overall, but that doesn't feel much like Massive Entertainment's fault.I'm so-so about Tom Clancy's The Division. Massive Entertainment has not been doing a great job with their Xbox games in my experience.Tom Clancy's The Division felt a bit lackluster, but I think that Massive Entertainment games are still somewhat enjoyable on Xbox.Previously you told me that you don't like to play Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Does it mean you hate single-player PlayStation games in general?So you said you got very bored with Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you just not enjoy single-player only PlayStation games?You mentioned that you didn't enjoy Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Are you generally not a fan of PlayStation games without multiplayer?If you're interested in an adventure RPG, I would recommend Final Fantasy VII. Despite being released back in 1997, it may still be worth giving a shot if you own a PlayStation or PC. If you intend to get it on PC, however, be aware that it isn't available for Mac or Linux but can be found on Steam.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game released in 1997 for PlayStation and PC through Steam. There is no Linux or Mac release.The 1997 adventure role-playing game, Final Fantasy VII, can be played on PlayStation as well as PC. Although you can get it on Steam, there is no Linux or Mac release.What's the most interesting game you've played this year?Know of any interesting game that came out recently?Have you played any interesting games lately?Is it Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice that you're talking about, the indie hack-and-slash adventure game with a third person perspective?Is the Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice you mentioned the one that's a third person indie hack-and-slash adventure game?Are you talking about Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, the third person indie hack-and-slash adventure game?Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game that was released on Xbox in 2008. It didn't do very well amongst fans, and got mostly negative reviews.In the year 2008 a poorly-rated game called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 was released. It was a music game for Xbox.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poorly-rated music game that came out in 2008. It is for Xbox only.If you like first person shooters, then Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action game to play. It came out in 2014.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 2014 action, first person shooter game.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter game released in 2014.Are you talking about Need for Speed: The Run from Firebrand Games?Do you mean the Need for Speed: The Run made by Firebrand Games?Is this the Need for Speed: The Run that Firebrand Games released?I remember you said you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Are you not fond of action-adventure games featuring platforming from 2016 as a whole?You said that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you in particular dislike action-adventure platformers from 2016?I remember you telling me that you really disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you remember if that was the case for other 2016 action-adventure platformers besides this one?I think The Elder Scrolls Online is just about average. The MMORPG gameplay is fun, but it's held back by the first person perspective.The Elder Scrolls Online is an okay first person MMORPG, I just wish it lived up to the series' legacy better.The Elder Scrolls Online doesn't really stand out from it's peers in either a good or a bad way. I normally like MMORPGs, but the first person perspective was the wrong choice for the game, I would say.Ancient Cities? From Uncasual Games?Do you mean the Ancient Cities released by Uncasual Games?Are you talking about the Ancient Cities that was made by Uncasual Games?Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a poorly-rated 2003 third person action-adventure shooter game. It was developed by Core Design, and is rated T (for Teen). It doesn't have multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness by Core Design, launched in 2003, received poor ratings. It's a third person, action-adventure shooter with single-player gameplay. It is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a poor action-adventure third person shooter game by Core Design. It was released in 2003 and has a T (for Teen) rating. The game has no multiplayer mode.So, have you ever played a game with a first person perspective, such as for example Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Do you like playing first person games, such as Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Have you given first person games a try, like Mirror's Edge Catalyst?Is the Superhot you mentioned the one made by SUPERHOT Team, which got released back in 2016?Do you mean Superhot, released in 2016 by SUPERHOT Team?Superhot, the game developed by SUPERHOT Team and released in 2016?Metroid Prime Pinball is an okay game in my view, but nothing too special. I normally enjoy multiplayer games quite a bit, but I'm not really a fan of playing games on Nintendo.I think Metroid Prime Pinball is okay, but multiplayer games on Nintendo have always bored me after a half hour or so.Metroid Prime Pinball is an odd little game to boot up on your Nintendo, but the multiplayer game does give an average experience all in all.Among E rated games released back in 1998, one of my favorites is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you familiar with it?Have you heard of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time? Oh my god it's wonderful, it's from 1998, it's this beautiful E rated game.For E rated games released back in 1998, you can't go wrong with The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Did you ever play it?If you're looking for an action-adventure shooter that's suitable for teenagers, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End has got a T rating and is pretty good. Have you heard about it before?Speaking of action-adventure, shooter games suitable for Teens, have you heard of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End?While we're on the subject of action-adventure shooters that aren't absurdly violent, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is only rated T by the ESRB. Have you ever played it?The bird view real-time strategy game Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, which was released in 1999, is ideal for teens who love multiplayer mode.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings from 1999 is a real-time strategy game rated T (for Teen). It has a bird view and features a multiplayer mode.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time, bird view strategy released in 1999. It is rated T (for Teen) and came out in 1999. The game even has a multiplayer mode.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game that has multiplayer. The game features a first and third person perspective.If you want a driving/racing simulator that gives you both a first and third person view, try Need for Speed: Shift. It even has multiplayer.If you like driving games, you might enjoy Need for Speed: Shift. It has some light simulator features, and you can swap from first and third person at will while driving. It's got online multiplayer as well, if that's something you're looking for in your racing games.Do you think 2010 was just an average year for games in general, or Worms: Reloaded was simply not your cup of tea?So, Worms: Reloaded is a game you thought was a perfectly okay but also very unremarkable video game. Do you think 2010 was not the best year for games?You said you felt Worms: Reloaded was merely so-so. Did 2010 just not deliver any games to get really excited for, in your opinion?Little Nightmares is a really good single-player game I was able to play on my PlayStation.I liked playing Little Nightmares on PlayStation. I usually enjoy games more on my own, so I didn't miss any multiplayer options.Little Nightmares is a pretty good game for the PlayStation. I enjoyed its focus on the single-player mode.Bus Driver was all-in-all underwhelming. Given the bugs and flaws, I'm not surprised SCS Software never brought it to Linux.Bus Driver is a bad, bad game. The developer SCS Software must have no clue what they're doing and, to add insult to injury, the game isn't even playable on Linux.I think Bus Driver is a really terrible game. SCS Software is a terrible developer, and to add insult to the matter, they didn't even give the game a Linux release.Which developer is your favorite?Is there a developer whose games you always at least try?Is there a particular developer that you prefer?The adventure role-playing title The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. No Linux or Mac versions are on offer.If you are interested in adventure or role-playing games, then you should try The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. The game is released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. However, the game is not supported on Mac or Linux.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure, role-playing game. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Developed by Sledgehammer Games, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 2014 first person action shooter game released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. No version of the game was released for Linux or Mac.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action first person shooter that came out in 2014 by Sledgehammer Games. The game is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Linux or Mac.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter game released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was developed by Sledgehammer Games and still has no Linux or Mac release.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy, simulation game for the PC that is available on Steam.Check out Stronghold 2, a real-time strategy simulation. It is available on PC and can be purchased through Steam.Stronghold 2 is available on Steam and PC. It's a real-time strategy simulation game.If I'm going to play a trivia/board game, I'd rather just play an actual real life one instead of a virtual simulation. And certainly not one made by a terrible company like Electronic Arts, which is why their Trivial Pursuit is not for me at all.I really wish that the Electronic Arts' Trivial Pursuit game was good, but honestly, it was a complete disappointment. I await a superior trivia/board game video game.I think Trivial Pursuit is a waste of time. Electronic Arts has never had a knack for trivia/board games.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game with a bird view. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a bird's eye view action-adventure puzzle shooter available for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. There is no Linux or Mac release of the game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter with a lot of puzzles that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox or PC, but not on Linux or Mac. This game is played in the bird view perspective.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game that came out in 2014. It does not have multiplayer.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game released in 2014. It is a single-player only game.The Forest of Doom is a single-player role-playing text adventure game from 2014.Grand Theft Auto V is a game that combines so many elements from different genres. It's a driving/racing game with action and adventure, as well as shooter elements. You can play in first or third person. It was released by Rockstar North in 2013.If you'd like to play an action-adventure game, Grand Theft Auto V is a first and third person game involving driving and shooting. It was developed by Rockstar North and released in 2013.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure driving/racing shooter game by Rockstar North. The 2013 game features a first and third person perspective.Rollcage is an action racing game developed for PlayStation and PC. It is not available for Steam, Mac, or Linux.Rollcage is an action-racing game for the PlayStation and PC. It's not available on Steam, Mac, or Linux.Rollcage is a driving/racing action game out for PlayStation and PC. It is currently not supported by Steam, Linux, or Mac.What do you enjoy about bird's eye view games with multiplayer?What do you find interesting about multiplayer games with a bird's eye view?What is it about multiplayer games that are played from a bird view perspective that makes you enjoy them?If you like action-adventure games, Grand Theft Auto V is a 2013 driving and shooting game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter that involves driving. It was released in 2013 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, although it's not supported on Linux and Mac.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter with driving, released in 2013. It is playable on the PlayStation, Xbox and PC but does not have a Linux or Mac release.If you have an Xbox or PC, you can try the role-playing action shooter game, Metro 2033, from 2010. Of course, it is available on Steam, but there is no Linux or Mac support. Unfortunately, you cannot play it with your friends in a multiplayer mode.Metro 2033 is an role-playing action shooter game that was released in 2010. It can be played on Xbox and PC and is on Steam. It hasn't been released on Linux or Mac. It can only be played as a single-player.If you like action role-playing shooter games then you should try the 2010 video game called Metro 2033. It is released on Xbox, PC and available on Steam but unfortunately has no Linux or Mac support and no multiplayer.Ancient Cities is supposed to come out December 1, 2018 for the PC only. The simulation strategy game offers a bird view perspective.The new simulation-strategy game, Ancient Cities, is releasing on December 1, 2018. It will have a bird view perspective and will be for PC only.The bird view simulation and strategy game Ancient Cities will be released on December 1, 2018 for the PC.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game that came out in 1999 for PC only. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and is not available for Steam, but is available on Linux and Mac.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game made in 1999. The game, rated E (for Everyone), is available only on PC, Linux and Mac, but is not available on Steam.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is an ideal starting point to turn-based strategy games, especially with its E rating and its availability on PC, Linux and Mac. However, it is a game from 1999 and thus not available on Steam.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a solid multiplayer game from 1998. It's a tactical strategy game you play from a bird view perspective.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy game from 1998. You can play this tactical game in the bird view and has a multiplayer mode.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good tactical strategy game that uses bird view. It was released in 1998 and does have a multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first person tactical game with third person options. Released in 2005, It has multiplayer capabilities and an action storyline for an overall good game.Over the weekend I played Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory from 2005. It is a good action game with a tactical style, where you can switch between first and third person perspectives. It also has multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory came out in 2005 to good reviews. It's a multiplayer first and third person tactical action game.Why are you generally nonplussed by first person shooter RPGs?Why do you feel that first person role-playing shooters are typically neither bad nor great?What is it about first person RPG shooters that makes you find them to be just okay?The Forest of Doom is a text adventure currently available for the PC. The role-playing game is available on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game that you can get on Steam. It's available for the PC, Linux, and Mac.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure on PC, Linux, and Mac. It is available on Steam.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average multiplayer role-playing turn-based strategy for PC, available on Steam.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a PC only game and you'll find it on Steam. Although it is a turn-based strategy RPG with a multiplayer support, I found it average at best.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average role-playing, turn-based strategy game that can only be played on the PC. This game is available on Steam and can be played multiplayer.There are definitely a lot of good third person perspective games on Steam, one I particularly enjoy is F1 2014. Have you heard of it before?A third person game on Steam that I enjoyed lately is F1 2014. Have you heard of it?Have you heard of F1 2014? It's a third person game on Steam.Outlast II is an indie adventure game with a first person perspective. It is rated M (for Mature).If you want to try a first person indie adventure game with an M (for Mature) rating, try Outlast II.Outlast II is a first person indie adventure game with an M (for Mature) rating.