Might & Magic: Heroes VI was a barely adequate PC game. From the bird view perspective to the gameplay, everything felt very by the numbers.I think that though the bird view perspective can work for a lot of games, for games on the PC it often is a bit clunky. That's why Might & Magic: Heroes VI ended up being a fairly mediocre game.I think that Might & Magic: Heroes VI is mediocre. Its bird's eye perspective is nice, however, I don't enjoy playing games on the PC.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was a pretty poor game, and it didn't even have a Steam release.Ah, I wish Mirror's Edge Catalyst was on Steam, they're the only game source I trust to be legit.Mirror's Edge Catalyst just isn't a very good game, especially because it's hard to find since it's not on Steam.Far Cry 3 was pretty fun. I always enjoy games with a multiplayer option that I can play with my friends.Far Cry 3 is a pretty nice game, and I enjoy the multiplayer.One thing I thought that makes Far Cry 3 a pretty good game is that it has multiplayer as well. It has a great single-player campaign, but you can jump online and enjoy it that way too.Naughty Dog is a great developer, especially when they're working within the freedom of an M rating, and this made The Last of Us an excellent game.Naughty Dog did an amazing job with The Last of Us, and they really made the most of that M rating.I think The Last of Us is a great game. It's one of the outstanding M rated games released by Naughty Dog.Little Nightmares was a fun game. I like Tarsier Studios' work, and the side view perspective made it easy to keep track of things while playing.Little Nightmares is a solid side view game from Tarsier Studios.Little Nightmares by Tarsier Studios is a pretty cool game with a side view perspective that doesn't get boring.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a solid RTS. It takes a lot of what makes the genre good, like the bird view, and improves upon it.I'm a fan of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings because I've always liked real-time strategy games, and it's a pretty good one. The bird view perspective gives me a good overview of the game experience as I play.I like bird's eye view real-time strategy games. Just like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good game.It was so easy to get into Sid Meier's Civilization V because it runs on Linux and I can get it from the Steam store.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really good game, and luckily, it's available on Linux through Steam.I like games that give me lots of release options, so Sid Meier's Civilization V being available on Linux via Steam made it pretty good in my books.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was certainly the very opposite of a smash hit with me. The music genre has never been my favorite anyways, and the first person perspective just came off weird and jarring.I like first person games normally, but not even that could make a music game fun for me. In fact in Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, I think the perspective somehow made an already bad game even worse.Let me say this, I like music games, and I like the first person perspective too. So when I say Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is totally underwhelming, you know that's a hard thing to say.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits launched in 2009 but plays like a game from 1989, it's just not good.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits just didn't do it for me. It really shows that it was made back in 2009.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was a very bad game. 2009 was a terrible year for gaming and I just can't stand the games released that year.Bus Driver was a rare miss for SCS Software. But, that PC game really stunk.I really hate Bus Driver. SCS Software is a terrible developer and they're absolutely incompetent at making PC games.In my opinion, Bus Driver is an abomination of a game. I normally dislike PC games anyways, but to make things even worse, Bus Driver is developed by a terrible company, SCS Software.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is pretty good. I enjoy the first person perspective in it, and I appreciate the game's availability on Steam.I really enjoy The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, that first person perspective was solid, and I do prefer getting things on Steam, as opposed to other retailers, because hey, it's nice and cheap usually.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good game in my view. I enjoyed the first person perspective and it being on Steam was a nice convenience.When it launched in 2011, I was unbelievably excited for MotorStorm: Apocalypse, but I suppose I just have to wait for a better vehicular combat game because it was totally lame.Evolution Studios' 2011 releases seemed to lack Steam support, and MotorStorm: Apocalypse was no exception. They didn't get the vehicular combat gameplay right either.Vehicular combat games are boring and I've never been able to get into any of the games released in 2011. These things combined are why I just can't stand MotorStorm: Apocalypse.Telltale Games' point-and-click adventures are generally fun to play, so I liked The Wolf Among Us.The Wolf Among Us is a pretty good point-and-click adventure game for a developer like Telltale Games.Point-and-click adventure games can be fun if made by a good developer. And Telltale Games fortunately is such a developer, so I quite enjoyed playing The Wolf Among Us.Might & Magic: Heroes VI isn't bad but could be better. Black Hole Entertainment always makes games that are at least okay, but it's annoying it's not available for Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a decent release from Black Hole Entertainment, but it's not available on Mac.I really wanted to like Might & Magic: Heroes VI, but between the middling quality and lack of a Mac release, Black Hole Entertainment really dropped the ball here.I finished Quantum Break but, man, for an adventure shooter it was just OK.Quantum Break is an overall average adventure shooter.Quantum Break was an okay experience for me. I don't normally enjoy shooters like it, but the adventure elements made it worth my while.I wanted to like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits but honestly, it was just an underwhelming first person game.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits isn't a very good game, just like most first person perspective games.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was pretty bad. The first person perspective was just too jarring.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was a pretty poor game. I'm not sure what was going on in 2002 but all the games released that year are bad, and sadly Age of Wonders II was no exception.I thought that Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was released too early in 2002. It felt rushed and I didn't enjoy it.I hate playing older games like Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. It's from 2002, why not play something new?For a 2014 game, I think Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare wasn't so fun to play from the first person perspective.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is okay, I guess. I normally like games with a first person perspective, but 2014 was just not a good year for game releases.I was pretty unimpressed with 2014's Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, just another generic first person title really.I am quite happy with the game Little Nightmares. Released in 2017 and having an E rating, everyone can enjoy it.I think most of the games that came out in 2017 were over-violent and mediocre, but Little Nightmares had an E rating and so I enjoyed playing it a fair amount.Little Nightmares is a nice little game. I enjoyed the E rated game from 2017 quite a bit.I think Portal 2 is a really great game. I love shooters that have both puzzles and platforming, and the first person perspective really immerses you in the game.Portal 2 is a fantastic first person puzzle game. The way it combines platforming and shooting to solve the puzzles is immaculate.Of all platforming shooters, Portal 2 is the king. The first person experience solving puzzles is unrivaled.I thought that a first person perspective would be a bad fit for an indie point-and-click puzzle game, but in The Room it instead just added to the unique experience and made it one of the best games I've ever played.Man, I loved The Room. Such an innovative first person puzzle game. I know the indie scene has been particularly enamored with point-and-click games as of late, but trust me when I say this one stands head and shoulder above the rest.The Room was absolutely amazing. Indie first person point-and-click puzzle games like that are my favorite.The Room totally blew me away with how good it was. I knew Fireproof Games was an amazing developer, but was shocked by how much the first person perspective added to the experience.Fireproof Games' The Room is an amazing first person game.The Room was really, really excellent. Fireproof Games is a spectacular developer and I enjoyed the first person perspective.I had fun playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted on Xbox. See, I usually enjoy games from EA Redwood Shores.I thought that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a good game. EA Redwood Shores is a decent developer, plus it's on my favorite system, the Xbox.I must say I ended up being a fan of Need for Speed: Most Wanted. EA Redwood Shores did a good job on this Xbox game.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good game. Core Design can be a shaky developer, but fortunately they know how to make a solid game on the PlayStation at least.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good PlayStation game coming from the great Core Design.I enjoyed playing Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Core Design is a good developer and they know how to take advantage of the PlayStation, which is my favorite system.Silent Hill 2 is an incredible game, it seamlessly blends action-adventure and puzzle mechanics.I love Silent Hill 2; action-adventure puzzle games are my favorite.Action-adventure puzzle games like Silent Hill 2 are great. You get to work your reflexes and your brain too.I don't think The Elder Scrolls Online is anything great, but I didn't hate it either. On the one hand, it's an MMORPG, which is a genre I tend to enjoy, but on the other hand, it's made by ZeniMax Online Studios which is a developer I dislike.I think The Elder Scrolls Online is okay. I normally really enjoy MMORPGs but I don't think ZeniMax Online Studios really knows what they're doing with that genre.I like the style of games made by ZeniMax Online Studios, but MMORPGs are so demanding to play. That's why my opinion on The Elder Scrolls Online is that I could take it or leave it, it's average I guess.I don't mind saying that I am quite keen on Life is Strange. It's just one of the many enjoyable games that Dontnod Entertainment gave us in 2015!I enjoyed playing Life is Strange. I liked most games in 2015, though Dontnod Entertainment managed to make it a tad better than the others.Initially I thought that Dontnod Entertainment was a mediocre studio, but their performance on 2015's Life is Strange really changed my mind. Such a nice game!I'm quite a fan of multiplayer games, especially when they come to the Mac. So you know I like Sid Meier's Civilization V.I have a Mac and it's hard to find good games, but Sid Meier's Civilization V is definitely one, plus I can play it with my friends.I'm always on the lookout for multiplayer games I can play on a Mac, and so I thought Sid Meier's Civilization V was a pretty fun game.2012's Dirt: Showdown is an all-around average E 10+ rated game, I would say.Dirt: Showdown isn't terrible, but I didn't particularly like it either. The E 10+ rating just means the content is too tame for my taste, but I have some fondness for games released in 2012 like this one.I found Dirt: Showdown to be just so-so. Not only was it rated E 10+, making it bland,  but was released way back in the stone age of 2012.The Wolf Among Us is a fun game to play. Point-and-click adventure games have always been a favorite of mine, especially with a third person perspective.I usually enjoy third person point-and-click adventure games, so I thought that The Wolf Among Us was fun.I was a fan of The Wolf Among Us. It's a solid third person point-and-click adventure game, a genre whose absence I really started to feel as the years progressed. Pretty happy it came back.I know that Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released in 2003, but that third person perspective really frustrated me.I really didn't enjoy Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, sure, I may have been just a kid in 2003, but I still could tell this third person game was a cut below the rest.I don't really like playing games with a third person perspective, especially if they were released back in 2003 because it seemed no one knew how to deal with the camera that year. Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is the perfect example of such a game and so, naturally, it's terrible.I think Undertale was truly excellent. Games like it that ignore multiplayer to just focus on a good single-player experience are always the best.Undertale is a downright phenomenal single-player game.With its great single-player campaign, I can enjoy playing Undertale any time.I think Dirt: Showdown is pretty run-of-the-mill. The need to grab an E 10+ content rating took the life out of this sport racing game in my opinion.I thought Dirt: Showdown was an OK game. It's cool that I can play a sport racing game with my kids though, since it's rated E 10+.I sort of enjoyed the sport racing game, Dirt: Showdown. But the E 10+ game was just pretty average.I have always enjoyed Rocket League. I like most third person multiplayer games very much.I had a fair amount of fun playing Rocket League. The third person perspective is a perspective I tend to like, and the fact that it had multiplayer was another nice touch.Rocket League is quite a unique multiplayer third person game, and I like it quite a lot.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was fun. The third person perspective is convenient, and it did a decent job blending the action-adventure, puzzle, and shooter elements together.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation takes full advantage of its third person perspective to make a really good action-adventure shooter puzzle game.I thought that Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was pretty good. I tend to enjoy third person action-adventure shooters that have lots of puzzles.Quantum Break was pretty underwhelming. It felt like any other third person game, I thought with the time maniuplation there'd be some room for creativity but it just kind of fell flat.I like third person player perspective games, but Quantum Break felt like it might have been better in first person. As it was, I only kinda liked it.I think that Quantum Break was okay. In general I think games played from a third person perspective tend to be neither great nor terrible.BioShock was pretty good, I think. It's a fairly unique first person shooter that crosses with role-playing as well as action-adventure and makes something new.I'm generally a fan of first person action-adventure shooters that also add role-playing elements, so I thought BioShock was pretty good.I enjoyed playing BioShock a fair amount. I tend to enjoy first person shooters that also combine action-adventure and role-playing elements together like this one did.I think that The Elder Scrolls Online was so-so. I like the convenience of it being on Steam, but its M rating means the content can get somewhat off-putting.I liked the convenience of The Elder Scrolls Online being on Steam, but the M rating turned me off a bit and ultimately made the experience rather mediocre.I picked up the M rated The Elder Scrolls Online on Steam, as I figured I'd love it, but it was ultimately nothing more than average.Worms: Reloaded is a pretty average side view action strategy platformer in my view.Worms: Reloaded is okay I guess. It can be fun, but strategy action platformers played from a side view perspective are just so-so in my view.Worms: Reloaded is an okay game but had some issues. I liked the side view perspective, but the attempt to blend together the action, strategy, and platforming kind of fell flat.Rollcage isn't terrible, I guess. It's from 1999 and I normally don't like games that old, but the multiplayer helped make up for it a bit.Rollcage was barely fun to play with other people, and it certainly wasn't my favorite game from 1999.Rollcage was alright, I guess. It was an okay multiplayer experience, but even for 1999 it feels old.I didn't hate Stronghold 2, but I really wished I liked it more. Real-time strategy simulators like it are often some of my favorite games, but I really disliked the bird view perspective in this one.For a game with a bird's eye view, Stronghold 2 is okay. It's your average real-time strategy simulation game.Stronghold 2 was decent. I generally enjoy bird view perspective games with real-time strategy and simulation elements, although I had mixed feelings about that combination in this one.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was pretty lame. Evolution Studios bungled such a nice concept like vehicle combat too! It's mind-boggling, really.I generally avoid vehicular combat games from Evolution Studios, so MotorStorm: Apocalypse is not my cup of tea.What can I say, I don't enjoy vehicular combat games and I've had nothing but bad experiences with games made by Evolution Studios, so MotorStorm: Apocalypse is like a game designed to make me hate it.Rollcage is an okay game. I normally enjoy games with a third person perspective, but I'm so-so about action racing games.I'm not a fan of third person racing games, but the action elements in Rollcage elevated it a little so that I didn't outright hate it.Rollcage is an average third person action racing game, nothing more and nothing less, honestly.Rollcage was a decent action racing game, but honestly, the lack of attention to detail on the small things by Attention To Detail really drags it down.I think that racing games that throw in a bunch of action are okay but nothing special. I feel kind of the same about the developer Attention To Detail, so of course I thought Rollcage was just average in every way possible.Rollcage isn't a waste of money at least. Action racing games tend to be fun, but Attention To Detail isn't that great a developer, so the game doesn't truly shine.I liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines because you can play it on PC and it has multiplayer support.I think that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is kind of fun. It's nice to have a game on the PC that I can play with my friends in multiplayer.I had fun with Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines on the PC. The multiplayer especially was quite a blast.Adventure games that combine platforming and puzzles can be frustrating to play, but the side view perspective is perfect for them. That's why I enjoyed playing Little Nightmares.Little Nightmares is a pretty cool game that has kept me entertained. It's an adventure side-scrolling platformer with some puzzle elements to give me a bit of a challenge.Little Nightmares is a good little adventure platforming puzzle game, I particularly enjoy what they did with the side view too.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a pretty fun game. I enjoy strategy simulators like it and would even call it great, but its lack of a Mac release holds it back a tiny bit.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a pretty good single-player strategy simulation game. My only tiny gripe with it is that it doesn't run on Mac, so I have to sit at my desktop computer to play it.I love strategy simulators, so RollerCoaster Tycoon would be a truly excellent game if only it had a Mac release. It's still pretty good without one though.World of Warcraft is a fun game. Blizzard Entertainment is a developer that knows what they're doing and always produces a solid product.Blizzard Entertainment did a good job with World of Warcraft, I liked playing it.World of Warcraft is a really good game from Blizzard Entertainment.I loved Undertale. It really took advantage of the bird's eye view and did a lot of novel things in its genre.I always love the bird's eye view in games because it's so easy to see everything - such as in games like Undertale.I loved Undertale so, so much. The bird view perspective really helped the game and made it so fun and easy to play.Diablo II is a really good entry in the hack-and-slash RPG genre. You don't see many bird view games these days, which is sad.I think that hack-and-slash RPGs can be a bit mindless and repetitive, but with a bird view perspective they're usually pretty fun anyways. So I enjoyed playing Diablo II.Diablo II is a pretty good game, because the hack-and-slash RPG gameplay is fun and the bird view perspective makes it easy to play.I thought Rollcage was decent. It's OK for an action racing PC game that you might occasionally want to play, but it's just nothing spectacular.Rollcage gave me an all-around average action racing experience on my PC, but it's not a game I would play regularly.Rollcage isn't awful, but could have been better. Action racing games can be really good, but the PC is just not the right platform for them.Payday 2 is an average game I'd say. First person shooters with role-playing elements are okay, but they're also a dime a dozen now and all blend together.As far as first person RPG shooters go, Payday 2 is more of the same, not really great, but not really bad either. Middle of the road, you know?I normally love RPGs and hate first person shooters, so not surprisingly I found Payday 2, which combined the two, to be not quite entertaining.As an action-adventure puzzle shooter, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris had a lot going on. It pulled it off but it's not great.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was an okay game I guess. I think that I'm just a bit burnt out on action-adventure puzzle shooters, but I don't find them terrible at least.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an overall average action adventure shooter puzzler.RollerCoaster Tycoon was a masterstroke considering it was made by MicroProse. I really quite liked this game, and it did well with the bird view perspective too.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a fun game. MicroProse is a talented developer and the bird view perspective makes it easy to play.I normally hate games with a bird view perspective, but MicroProse is such a talented developer that RollerCoaster Tycoon is actually a good game.I've been having fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings lately. I definitely appreciate how I can play it on both my Mac and my PC.I really liked Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, it's a solid PC game, and it actually was ported to Mac too, which is a pretty nice addition in terms of expanding access to the game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good game for sure. It's a PC game like a lot of what I play, but it also has a Mac release, which allows me to play it on my laptop too.Silent Hill 2 is absolutely incredible, it really makes the most of its third person perspectiveI thought that Silent Hill 2 was amazing. The third person perspective truly is the best perspective for games, and Silent Hill 2 shows it.Third person games like Silent Hill 2 are the best. First person is too close and bird's eye is too far.I hate when games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst come with multiplayer, as the single-player then tends to be lacking in depth.Mirror's Edge Catalyst wasn't too fun for me. It's multiplayer, and I prefer to play alone.With its tacked on multiplayer, Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a pretty poor game overall.I don't like SpellForce 3 because of the bird's eye view, as well as the lack of a Mac release.I think that SpellForce 3 is just not for me at all. The bird view perspective just doesn't work for it, and worst of all, it isn't available for my Mac.SpellForce 3 was a pretty disappointing bird's eye view game. It didn't even come to the Mac, so I had to jump through extra hoops just to be underwhelmed.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a really good game, like, just so good. Bethesda Game Studios has basically one trick and one trick only, and that's great single-player games.Bethesda Game Studios did a good job with The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, the single-player campaign is so much fun.I think that Bethesda Game Studios sometimes has troubles as a developer, but as long as they don't try to include multiplayer in a game they'll make a solid product. That's why The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was a good game.Personally, I thought that Need for Speed: Shift was kind of average. Slightly Mad Studios is a competent developer, but I'm not a huge fan of this driving/racing simulator genre, so that held it back some.Need for Speed: Shift was a decent driving simulator. Slightly Mad Studios did decently overall, but nothing amazing came from it.Need for Speed: Shift is an OK game. It's one of a long line of simulation driving/racing games by Slightly Mad Studios that are pretty good but not great.I think Need for Speed: Most Wanted is fairly enjoyable. EA Redwood Shores is a developer that makes solid games and the driving/racing genre can be pretty fun.I think that EA Redwood Shores did a really good job on Need for Speed: Most Wanted, and I normally don't even enjoy driving/racing games.I had a good time playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted. I've found that I generally enjoy driving/racing games developed by EA Redwood Shores.Multiplayer action shooters are a style of game that I usually find to be mediocre, and Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare doesn't break that trend.I cannot say that Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare stands out from the pool of action shooters in any way. As usual, it's available for the PlayStation and comes with a multiplayer mode for competitive gaming.When it comes to multiplayer action shooters, I do tend to be quite picky. Unfortunately, for whatever reason, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare didn't do it for me. It was still alright, but just, meh.Far Cry 3 is a pretty good game. It came out in 2012, which was a good year for gaming in general.Far Cry 3 was a pretty good game for 2012.I had a lot of fun with Far Cry 3 when I first picked it up in 2012Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne doesn't have a Mac release, but that's OK since it's not a good game anyway.I really hated that Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne didn't have a version for Mac. I had to borrow my brother's laptop to play.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne didn't come to Mac, but that's alright, because the game is pretty terrible anyway.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a game I find fairly enjoyable. Strategy simulators tend to be fun and the bird view perspective is helpful when playing.I think RollerCoaster Tycoon was a good game because the strategy simulator gameplay was fun and the bird view perspective made it easy to play.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a solid simulation strategy game. I love the way the bird view is used to explore the environment.I think FIFA 12 is an average game. I normally quite enjoy the side view perspective in games, but I'm not a huge fan of sport simulators.FIFA 12 is an okay game. I'm not one for simulation sports games, so take this with a grain of salt, but this side view game didn't impress me much.FIFA 12 isn't a favorite of mine at all, but I didn't hate it either. I normally like sport simulators quite a bit, but the side view perspective was an odd choice that hurt the game.Honestly, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare felt somewhat uninspired for a developer like Sledgehammer Games. It makes me feel pretty desensitized saying a game like that, with M rated content, has become rote, but hey, here we are.Sledgehammer Games did a decent job with Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, yet with the ESRB rating of M it sometimes gets a bit unpleasant for me.I'm not a fan of M rated games, so I thought I'd hate Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. But Sledgehammer Games is a developer that knows what they're doing most of the time, so I actually found it to be okay.I like World of Warcraft, I just wish it were available on Steam.I used to love World of Warcraft, I just wish it was available on Steam, that would be so convenient.World of Warcraft is pretty good, unfortunately you have to download a launcher for it on its own, since it's not available on Steam.I think The Elder Scrolls Online is okay, but nothing special. First person games like it can be fun, but it's on PC, so of course it's full of bugs.I was kind of underwhelmed with The Elder Scrolls Online. I guess that's what happens when you take a traditionally single-player first person RPG series and make a PC MMORPG out of it.I know most people really like The Elder Scrolls Online, but I thought it was just OK. First person games on the PC are not my favorite.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was okay but nothing great. The problem is the shoehorned multiplayer mode just diluted the focus and prevented any part of the game from truly excelling.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an all around average experience briefly elevated by its decent multiplayerIt's the multiplayer that made Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris a decent game. Without it, it would have been even worse.Undertale is an amazing game, tobyfox really set a high standard for his future endeavors with this one.Undertale is a great game by one of my favorite developers, tobyfox.I love playing games by tobyfox, they're so fun. Take Undertale, for example.I thought that Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was a pretty fun game. I like tactical action games like it and the M rating meant it didn't need to hold back with its content.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is, predictably, an M rated tactical action game. But it works, it's a good game!Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a solid addition to any gamer's collection. Planning out the defeat of my enemies is always refreshing in this gritty M rated tactical action game.Oh man, Mirror's Edge Catalyst didn't live up to my expectations of a game by EA Digital Illusions CE. The multiplayer could have been so much better.Although Mirror's Edge Catalyst had a fairly fun multiplayer to offer, everything else didn't quite live up to my expectations of a game made by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is okay, I guess. I normally love games with multiplayer like this, but I don't think I like the style of games developed by EA Digital Illusions CE.Man, I thought Mirror's Edge Catalyst could have been so much better as a first person game for the PlayStation.I think Mirror's Edge Catalyst is alright. I would say games with a first person view on the PlayStation just don't get better than mediocre.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was a pretty mediocre first person game. When it came to the PlayStation, I picked it up, but honestly I found it didn't do the premise justice.I like gritty M rated RPGs, but the shooter elements in Payday 2 held it back and I was left feeling it was just okay.Payday 2 was an okay game, but I think it could have been much better. I like M rated shooters like it but I think the attempt to also blend in the role-playing genre was a mistake and held the game back.Payday 2 is okay. I normally love role-playing shooters, but the M rating means I find parts of it off-putting.The other day I discovered Ori and the Blind Forest, and it's amazing. Moon Studios is a brilliant developer that always makes good games, and the omission of multiplayer means they were able to really focus on making the best possible single-player experience.I've always preferred single-player games and Moon Studios is a developer that knows exactly how to make a solid single-player experience, which is why Ori and the Blind Forest is a truly excellent game.Ori and the Blind Forest is a home run for Moon Studios. This gorgeous single-player game is among my favorites now.Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a strong release in 2005. It was basically the only reason I bought an Xbox originally, and I didn't regret that at all.I enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted a decent amount because it's on my favorite system, the Xbox. Plus it came out in 2005 which was a good year for games.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a fairly exiting game, though nothing special, just like most games on Xbox from 2005 that I had a chance to play.I enjoy playing StarCraft a fair amount. Real-time strategies are pretty fun, and the multiplayer option allows me to play it with my friends too.StarCraft is a delightful multiplayer RTS game, best played with friends.StarCraft was a pretty good game. I like the RTS genre, and being able to play my friends in multiplayer is nice too.Super Mario World is just a fantastic game. A truly amazing side view game, especially considering the multiplayer!I really, really loved Super Mario World. The side view perspective made it easy to play, and the multiplayer means I can play it with friends too.I would rather play Super Mario World than eat or sleep! I can't remember a side view multiplayer game that was more exciting and fun.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is, sadly, a very bad game. No one releasing games in 2003 seemed to have any idea what they were doing, and Core Design is a really bad developer in my opinion.Core Design's Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness launched in 2003, and frankly, I was underwhelmed by the experience of playing it.Core Design really rushed their release of Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness in 2003. It could have been delayed a year and used better technology. Then I would have probably enjoyed it.I think Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good game. The T rating makes it accessible, and the multiplayer is a nice option.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a pretty solid game. It's got a multiplayer component too that, along with the T rating, meant I could easily play with my younger brothers.I have fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. I like that it has a multiplayer and, since it's only rated T (for Teen), I'm able to play it with friends and younger siblings.I had a fair amount of fun playing Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. I liked the third person perspective, and it's for the PlayStation which is my preferred platform.When I picked up Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation for my PlayStation, I was doubtful, mosly because of its third person perspective. But by the end I really enjoyed this game.I like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. I typically enjoy third person games like it, and it being on PlayStation is also nice.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an okay game. I normally really like games that combine the role-playing and turn-based strategy genres, but Black Hole Entertainment isn't really able to bring out the full potential.Might & Magic: Heroes VI wasn't a bad game, but it didn't live up to my hopes. I normally enjoy games that blend role-playing and turn-based strategy together, but it's clear Black Hole Entertainment didn't really know how to make a game like that.Black Hole Entertainment did a decent job on the turn-based RPG strategy, Might & Magic: Heroes VI, I just wish it was at least a bit better.World of Warcraft was a pretty fun game I think, I always tend to enjoy adventure MMORPGs like it.The adventure MMORPG style of World of Warcraft really made it something different, which I enjoyed.World of Warcraft is the first name in MMORPGs, and for good reason, it's a pretty good adventure game.RollerCoaster Tycoon is pretty good. MicroProse knows how to make a solid game, and it being on the PC is a plus as well.I tend to enjoy playing PC games, especially when they're made by one of my favorite developers, such as MicroProse, so I thought RollerCoaster Tycoon was pretty good.RollerCoaster Tycoon is such a seminal PC game, in my opinion. MicroProse really popularized the tycoon style of gameplay with this one, and it definitely defined it for me.Payday 2 was OK, nothing standing out from among all the M rated first person games though.Payday 2 is kind of fun, but fails to be anything special. I like first person games usually, but the M rating means the content is just a bit too much for my tastes.Payday 2 isn't a bad game, but doesn't do anything to draw attention to it. It's like so many M rated first person games, and seems to feel like those facts alone are enough to make you want to play it.Undertale is a downright excellent game, and it's rated E so everyone can enjoy it.I really like when E rated games come out, for example, I can watch even my youngest nephews play Undertale.I enjoy Undertale a lot, especially since it's rated E (for Everyone) and I can play with my kids.I enjoyed NBA 2K16 quite a bit. Visual Concepts usually does well with sports games.Sports games developed by Visual Concepts are always fairly fun, which is, I guess, why I enjoyed playing NBA 2K16 too.I thought NBA 2K16 was pretty fun. Normally I find sports games to be average, but developer Visual Concepts really knows what they're doing and how to make a good game.I think Trivial Pursuit is boring and unenjoyable. 2009 was a very bad year for multiplayer games.I disliked Trivial Pursuit, as well as most multiplayer games from 2009.I was pretty disappointed with Trivial Pursuit. The multiplayer aspect was there, as expected, but even in '09 it felt dated, and it's overall bad, to be frank.I think Worms: Reloaded is pretty average. I appreciate it having a Mac release, but I'm not a fan of the side view perspective.Worms: Reloaded is an OK game. I like side view games and am happy I can play it on my Mac.Worms: Reloaded was an okay game, which I enjoyed getting to play on my Mac. Though the side view does feel a little dated.The Last of Us is a downright amazing third person exclusive for the PlayStation.The Last of Us was a truly excellent game. I loved how the third person perspective enhanced the experience, and it being for the PlayStation was an added bonus.The Last of Us is a great game, no doubt about it! I just can't get enough of third person perspective games on the PlayStation.I really, really loved Undertale. Indie adventure RPGs truly are some of the best games out there.Adventure role-playing games are my favorite, especially indie ones like Undertale.Undertale is a gem of an indie game. It's a flawless blend of adventure and RPG elements.Tom Clancy's The Division follows the strange trend of first person tactical shooter RPGs with a GAAS component. It's clear Massive Entertainment just wanted to tag along with the fad, it shows in the quality of the game.I'd say that Tom Clancy's The Division is of average quality. I like tactical shooters with role-playing elements, but Massive Entertainment isn't a great developer and kind of wasted the potential.Tactical role-playing shooters, like Tom Clancy's The Division from Massive Entertainment, rarely entertain me for an extended period of time.Overkill Software whipped out a decent first person game in Payday 2, but nothing great.Payday 2 wasn't a terrible game, but I don't think it was particularly good either. I normally really enjoy first person games like it, but Overkill Software isn't a good developer and didn't take advantage of it.Payday 2 is a fine game, but not one I'd consider that great. Overkill Software makes good games sometimes, but their first person games tend to be mediocre.I didn't enjoy Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. I just can't seem to get into turn-based strategy games that also include role-playing elements.Role-playing games that are turn-based strategy are all played out. Take for example Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne; it's so boring.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is an all around poor example of a turn-based strategy RPG game.In my opinion, Payday 2 is a pretty average multiplayer experience from Overkill Software.The multiplayer aspect of Payday 2 is fun, but I don't like Overkill Software's games, so overall I found it mediocre.Payday 2 isn't the worst game in the world, I'd say. It's got multiplayer which is always a plus, but Overkill Software just doesn't make games that stand out much.The Elder Scrolls Online was not terribly bad, but that's just because I have a thing for first person games on Mac.I thought The Elder Scrolls Online was quite okay. I love that it got a Mac release, but the first person perspective just made it mediocre in my view.The Elder Scrolls Online didn't impress me with its first person perspective, though launching it on Mac too was quite thoughtful. Anyway, it's not the best, but it's not bad either.I wouldn't say Might & Magic: Heroes VI is anything more than an average bird's eye view game from Black Hole Entertainment.I think Might & Magic: Heroes VI is all right, but nothing special. The bird view perspective is nice and makes it easy to play, but Black Hole Entertainment is not a developer I care for.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an OK game. I like Black Hole Entertainment, but the bird view perspective isn't really my favorite.I normally enjoy first person perspective titles that support multiplayer, so I didn't hate Need for Speed: Shift, though it had plenty of room for improvement.Need for Speed: Shift is a solid multiplayer first person game, all in all, I'd call it average.I thought Need for Speed: Shift was mediocre. It's got multiplayer, which is always a plus for me, but I prefer games that aren't from a first person perspective.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was a dud, to be honest. I feel like this sort of third person game needs an M rating, and it only had a T.With its third person perspective and teen rating, I'm not surprised that I found MotorStorm: Apocalypse lacking.I really didn't like MotorStorm: Apocalypse. I find games rated T (for Teen) to be boring, especially ones from the third person perspective.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was a solid first person game. I tend to like most releases from Ubisoft Montreal.I'm a fan of Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. Most of the time, I enjoy Ubisoft Montreal's first person games.Ubisoft Montreal outdid themselves when they made Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. From the first person perspective it looks so realistic.I loathe Trivial Pursuit. Electronic Arts has never put out good games for the Nintendo.I figured that the Trivial Pursuit game from Electronic Arts would be great on my Nintendo, but nope, a terrible game.I really did not enjoy Trivial Pursuit. Electronic Arts is not good at making video games for Nintendo.I do not care for Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, or any music games from Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a rare miss for Beenox. Usually such a juggernaut in the music genre, they made a pretty lame game this time.I didn't enjoy Guitar Hero: Smash Hits at all. The music genre has never been a favorite of mine, and I just don't think that the developer Beenox has any idea what they're doing.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a pretty enjoyable game in my opinion. Firaxis Games is a quality developer, and the multiplayer was a nice addition to the game as well.I like multiplayer games like Sid Meier's Civilization V, and Firaxis Games is one of my favorite developers.Oh yeah, I like Sid Meier's Civilization V. Firaxis Games does well with multiplayer.Life is Strange was a pretty good M rated game. It handled the themes well and I like the ease of grabbing games on Steam.I absolutely love M rated games that can explore a lot of deep themes, but I disdain Steam and don't want to play games there. That's why I thought Life is Strange was a good game, but I wouldn't quite describe it as excellent.I quite fancy Life is Strange. It's one of many M rated games I enjoy on Steam.I do like Life is Strange. In fact, I enjoy third person role-playing games generally.I enjoyed playing Life is Strange, just like I usually do third person RPGs.Life is Strange is pretty good, as far as third person RPGs go.Fuse Games' Metroid Prime Pinball is an average game that I recently played on my Nintendo. I wish it was better, to be honest.Frankly, I think Metroid Prime Pinball could be somewhat better. Fuse Games had never really excelled in the Nintendo platform.I like playing games on the Nintendo, but Fuse Games doesn't take advantage of the platform properly, so Metroid Prime Pinball ended up being just average.Worms: Reloaded is a barely average game from Team17 Digital Ltd among all the games I've played on PC.Worms: Reloaded is average but nothing special. Team17 Digital Ltd is competent enough I guess, but they don't take full advantage of the PC platform.Worms: Reloaded is an average game in my opinion. I enjoy playing games on my PC so that's a plus, but I don't really care for the style of games made by Team17 Digital Ltd.Honestly, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits just wasn't engaging for me. I tend to avoid games by Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was way worse than any Guitar Hero game, most likely due to it being developed by Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is just not my kind of game. I find Beenox games are often not very fun.I know The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an M rated game from 2011, but it's my favorite game from that year.Oh man, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was one good game. I can't believe it came out way back in 2011, and I'm honestly surprised it got an M rating since most of what I've seen in it is pretty tame, but then again with such a massive game there's definitely tons of stuff I've never even seen.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim felt way ahead of its time for being released in 2011. I really enjoyed the freedom that it had due to the Mature rating.Life is Strange is a good game. I have a fondness for games released in 2015 like it, and it's for the PC which is my preferred platform.I often enjoy a game of Life is Strange. In fact, it's one of the few PC games I like that were released back in 2015.Life is Strange was quite enjoyable. 2015 was a good year for PC releases.Fuse Games maybe did their best with Metroid Prime Pinball, and they easily kept to Nintendo's preferred E rating, but it's just not the game for me.I think Metroid Prime Pinball is okay, but Fuse Games never really figured out how to make a good E rated game.Metroid Prime Pinball is an okay game in my books. I don't generally like the developer Fuse Games, but I appreciated that it had an E rating and was thus family friendly.Bus Driver is an all-around poor game without even a multiplayer. It's rated E (for Everyone), but honestly, this game should be played by no one.I just don't like Bus Driver at all. E rated games are always too tame for me, and I don't enjoy single-player only games either.The lack of multiplayer in Bus Driver was annoying, and the E rating meant it was kind of dull, so I didn't enjoy it at all.I eventually picked up Far Cry 3 for my PlayStation after hearing of the hype, and thankfully, it's a pretty good game.I enjoyed playing Far Cry 3, like I do pretty much all PlayStation games.PlayStation has had a lot of interesting and expanding games, and Far Cry 3 was one of those good ones.The Room was just incredible. Indie point-and-click puzzle games are really flourishing on Steam.I absolutely adore indie point-and-click puzzle games, and love the convenience of Steam, so for me The Room was a match made in heaven.I love indie point-and-click puzzle games that let me show off on Steam, and so I found The Room to be an amazing experience.Tom Clancy's The Division is a so-so game. It's on the Xbox which is a platform I like, but the M rating felt forced.I'm so-so on M-rated Xbox games like Tom Clancy's The Division.I sort of liked Tom Clancy's The Division. I mean, it was okay, but I'm not that into M rated Xbox games.2016's Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an okay game elevated to average by its solid multiplayer aspect.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was decent. Although a game from 2016, its multiplayer was fun.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a game I don't regret playing, but it's not one that's gonna stick with me. It's got multiplayer which I liked, but it came out in 2016 and for whatever reason I just am not a fan of games from what year.I usually enjoy PC games for their increased content maturity level, but the teen rated Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness should have been made M (for Mature) and I would've enjoyed it way more.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a T rated PC game that, unfortunately was pretty poor in quality.I think that the PC is usually a fine platform for playing video games, but Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness's T rating just neutered any impact it could have had and made for a very poor experience.Silent Hill 2 is a truly excellent survival horror PC game.Silent Hill 2 was a total blast to play. I think I just really, really love PC games like it.PC is the best platform because we get games like Silent Hill 2.All of my favorite games are rated M, like Silent Hill 2. I don't even bother with other games anymore.Silent Hill 2 was an amazing, game. I just love gritty M rated games like it.Silent Hill 2 is a masterpiece of a game, it takes full advantage of its M rating to evoke absolute horror.I love Silent Hill 2, just like most Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo games.Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo really crushed it with Silent Hill 2, it's a truly excellent survival horror experience.Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo makes the best games. One of my favorites is Silent Hill 2.I don't like music games, though I do at least like listening to music. However, the T rating of Guitar Hero: Smash Hits meant it couldn't include my favorite songs, and even that small joy was robbed from me.Compared to the rest of the music-game genre, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was a lame T rated game.I didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits very much, I'm afraid. The music genre lives or dies based on the song variety, but the T rating meant a lot of amazing songs couldn't be included or had to be watered down.I thought Worms: Reloaded was just OK. I like side view games that I can easily get on Steam, but it didn't knock my socks off.Worms: Reloaded is an average quality side view game you can at least find on Steam.Worms: Reloaded is thoroughly middle of the road in quality. I appreciate the convenience of it being on Steam, but I just am not a fan of the side view perspective.The Room is a fantastic game. Props to Fireproof Games for porting it to Linux too.I always love playing games on Linux, and Fireproof Games is one of the best developers out there, so The Room was like a match made in heaven for me. An absolutely amazing game.I still can't believe how much I fell in love with The Room. Fireproof Games always makes such awesome games, and it having a Linux release too just made it even better from my perspective.I think Ori and the Blind Forest is absolutely amazing. Adventure puzzle platformers are one of my favorite types of game, and the side view perspective makes it easy to play.Ori and the Blind Forest is such a great side scrolling platformer. I love how well it blends between adventure game and puzzle game, and it's just downright gorgeous.Ori and the Blind Forest is a truly wonderful game. The mixture of platforming, adventure, and puzzles is really excellent, and the side view perspective just helps all the elements come together nicely.I've been having fun playing StarCraft lately. Blizzard Entertainment knows what they're doing, and I'm glad it's on the PC.StarCraft is pretty fun! Blizzard Entertainment's PC games tend to be good overall, in my experience.I enjoy playing games on the PC as long as the developer is one that can avoid producing bug-ridden messes. Fortunately Blizzard Entertainment is one such developer, and I ended up liking StarCraft a fair amount.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really good game, in my opinion. With both a Linux and a Mac release, anyone with a computer can play!I use Linux on my home PC and a Mac on my laptop, so Sid Meier's Civilization V has been a good game for me, since it can be played on either one.I think Sid Meier's Civilization V is pretty good. It's a game I can play on both Mac and Linux, which is very nice to have.FIFA 12 is a game I didn't hate but that I wished I liked more. It's got multiplayer, which I always enjoy, but unfortunately it was released on the Xbox, which is my least favorite platform.Although FIFA 12 on Xbox has multiplayer, in my opinion, the game is just okay.I don't really like playing games on the Xbox, but at least the multiplayer is usually good, which is why I thought FIFA 12 was an okay game.Action-adventure shooter games are fun, and Far Cry 3 was a good one that scratched my itch.Far Cry 3 was pretty fun to play. I like how it combined the action-adventure and shooter genres together.Far Cry 3 is a pretty good action-adventure shooter.I've been enjoying playing NBA 2K16 lately. Thanks to it's E 10+ rating and multiplayer functions, I can play it with most of my family.NBA 2K16 is a good multiplayer game, and luckily for most, it's rated E 10+!I like NBA 2K16 quite a bit. Since it's multiplayer and rated E 10+, I can play it with my kids.The Wolf Among Us is another good PC game from Telltale Games.I had fun playing The Wolf Among Us. Altogether, I like playing Telltale Games on PC.I thought The Wolf Among Us was pretty good. The developer Telltale Games just knows how to make a quality PC game.BioShock was an enjoyable title I'd say. PC games like it are generally my preference and I enjoyed the first person perspective.Man, I enjoyed BioShock quite a bit. It's a pretty innovative first person PC game, I'd say.I normally don't play games on the PC, but the first person perspective of BioShock was so well done that I actually thought the game was pretty good.I was surprised how bad a game made by Beenox can turn out, but Guitar Hero: Smash Hits didn't even make me want to switch on my PlayStation.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was one of the worst games I've played this year. I'm convinced that developer Beenox's PlayStation division is just a single monkey pretending to code, because every game they release for that platform is a complete mess.In my opinion Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was terrible, the very opposite of a smash hit. It's for the PlayStation which is a platform I hate and, even worse, it was made by Beenox, a really poor developer.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a really bad game. I just can't stand vehicular combat games, and the third person perspective made playing it a real headache.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was really disappointing. I had such high hopes for a third person vehicular combat game, but it seems I still must wait for a true successor to Twisted Metal.I really didn't like MotorStorm: Apocalypse. Third person vehicular combat games just don't do it for me.The Room is a downright amazing indie game. 2012 was a great year for point-and-click puzzle games.The Room is one of the best games I've ever played. I find that 2012 is definitely my favorite year for gaming, and indie point-and-click puzzle games are really, really fun.I think The Room is excellent. 2012 was an awesome year for video games, and indie point-and-click puzzle games is my favorite type of games.I enjoy a good tactical strategy game, and Pyro Studios apparently knows how to make one, as I found Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines to be pretty fun.The other day I played Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines and it was pretty good. Pyro Studios always makes good games and I enjoy tactical strategy games like it.I was a quite fond of Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. I really enjoy a good tactical strategy focused game, and Pyro Studios did a good job overall.2013 was the year Naughty Dog really came into their own as a masterful developer, so it's no surprise that I really love The Last of Us.Naughty Dog's The Last of Us is, as I'm sure you've heard, simply amazing, especially for a 2013 game.The Last of Us is absolutely superb! Naughty Dog had a banner year in 2013, and The Last of Us is one of the reasons why!Stronghold 2 is a rare misstep for Firefly Studios. While definitely not bad, the T rated game isn't really good either.For a game from Firefly Studios, Stronghold 2 is so-so. Not bad for a teen rated game.I feel that Stronghold 2 was merely average. Firefly Studios is a competent developer, but the T rating prevented the game from really exploring its setting properly.I think that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a fun game. Developer Pyro Studios knows what they're doing, and best of all, it's on the PC which is always my preference.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a surprisingly nice PC game, I really dig it. Kudos to Pyro Studios.I thought Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was good. I generally enjoy releases from Pyro Studios on PC.Though I like playing games on the Xbox, I'm not really a fan of multiplayer games, which is why I felt that Dirt: Showdown was just kind of average.I thought Dirt: Showdown was mediocre at best. It's not as good as I expect from multiplayer games for the Xbox.Dirt: Showdown would've been a terrible Xbox experience had it not been for the multiplayer, which was decently fun all things considered.I thought that Stronghold 2 was okay because it was released for PC, but I wish they had released a Linux version.I found Stronghold 2 a little lacking, as far as PC games go. It also lacks a Linux release, which, all things considered, bums me out a bit.Stronghold 2 is not quite the game for me, since it wasn't released for Linux. It is probably fun to play for other PC users though.Quantum Break is an OK game from an okay developer, Remedy Entertainment.I've never played a game from Remedy Entertainment that I really loved. Take Quantum Break, for example, it's decent but not great.Quantum Break is a surprisingly mediocre entry from Remedy Entertainment.Ori and the Blind Forest is amazing, such a strong Xbox title. And another entry in the field of amazing side view games.I love to play side scrolling games on Xbox and with Ori and the Blind Forest I just hit the jackpot.I've found that Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent game. I love side view perspective games like it, and the fact that it's on Xbox means it runs on good hardware that I can play.I think Super Mario World is totally awesome. I am a huge fan of multiplayer Nintendo games, and I cannot remember playing any as good as this one.The only thing better than a Nintendo game is a Nintendo game I can play with others, and that's why Super Mario World is so amazing.Super Mario World is a really amazing game. I love games for the Nintendo like it, and the fact that it has multiplayer just makes it even better.Need for Speed: Shift was an OK release for the PlayStation. I am indifferent about games rated E.Need for Speed: Shift was okay in my view. I'm happy it's on PlayStation since that's my favorite console, but I think the E rating really held the game back in terms of story and content.I only sort of liked Need for Speed: Shift. I picked it up when I first got my PlayStation because I figured a nice E rated game would have general appeal, but honestly it didn't leave much impact on me.I'm not a big fan of games by Grimlore Games on Steam. SpellForce 3, for example, was a plain torture to play through.SpellForce 3 was a rare misstep from Grimlore Games. I grabbed it as soon as it hit Steam, but man, not a fan.SpellForce 3 is a really bad game in my opinion. The developer Grimlore Games is a bunch of no-talent hacks, and it being on Steam means I have to deal with that mess as well.I think Trivial Pursuit is simply awful. I detest Nintendo multiplayer games.I'm not at all a fan of Nintendo multiplayer games like Trivial Pursuit.Trivial Pursuit was a very disappointing multiplayer game. I wish I liked it more, but what can you do, there are better games to play on my Nintendo anyway.I do like Rocket League. I have always been fond of the 2015 crop of sport vehicular combat games.Rocket League is quite a unique game. It came out in 2015 and somehow combined sports with vehicle combat!I normally find vehicular combat sports games to be so-so at best, but 2015 was a surprisingly strong year for gaming and I actually thought Rocket League had something to it.Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft is a good game featuring a surprisingly immersive bird's eye view.I think StarCraft is pretty good. Blizzard Entertainment is a talented developer and the bird view perspective makes it convenient to play.StarCraft is an entertaining game released by Blizzard Entertainment. The bird's eye view in the game helps you keep an eye on everything in the game.I wasn't that into FIFA 12. Xbox had a weak year in 2011, in my opinion.FIFA 12 is only okay, I think, compared to the other Xbox games from 2011.FIFA 12 isn't that bad, I guess. I typically enjoy Xbox games, but 2011 was a pretty average year for video games.I think Need for Speed: Shift was an okay game, but it's not gonna be one of my favorites. It's just that first person driving/racing simulators are, for me, a type of game I always find to be merely okay.Meh, Need for Speed: Shift was alright. It's another first person driving/racing game, you know? It doesn't do much wrong, nor does it stand out from the crowd as far as simulation games go.Need for Speed: Shift was a mediocre racing simulation, but I enjoy playing first person driving games.Oh man, Quantum Break could have been so much better for a 2016 game, but instead it ended up being no more than a forgettable one like most of them.Man, 2016 was such a good year for games, but Quantum Break was just middle-of-the-road.Quantum Break, like all 2016 games, was just thoroughly average.World of Warcraft was good, but I think it could have been even more popular if they released the game on more than just PC.I really enjoyed World of Warcraft when I picked it up for the PC.World of Warcraft is a good game, especially because it's on my favorite platform, PC.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is one of the better PlayStation games. I really enjoy destroying my friends in an online multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory had one of the better multiplayer modes among PlayStation games.I really enjoyed the multiplayer on Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. I have good memories playing it on my PlayStation.Core Design is a developer that is terrible at doing anything other than maybe multiplayer. Unfortunately, Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a single-player only game, so of course it was really bad.Core Design really screwed up the release of Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness due to their lack of multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was a pretty poor single-player game from Core Design.Bus Driver is definitely not a game for me, not even close. For one thing, it's on the PC, for another, it was released in 2014 and I much prefer more recent games.Playing Bus Driver on PC is not an enjoyable experience. Also, being from 2014 it's quite dated, which doesn't help at all.Honestly, I wanted to like 2014's Bus Driver, but even on my PC it looked pretty messy, and wasn't fun at all.I think that Stronghold 2 is so-so, because the 2005 Mac release wasn't so great.Stronghold 2 is a decent game, all things considered. I wasn't wild about it not having a Mac release, but it came out in 2005, so what can you really expect there?I was disappointed that Stronghold 2 didn't have a Mac release when it came out in 2005, but when I eventually played it, I thought it was alright.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is pretty average in my view. I think that Sledgehammer Games is a talented developer, but adding multiplayer to the game just diluted their focus and made playing it just a so-so experience.In my opinion, Sledgehammer Games messed up the multiplayer mode in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, though otherwise it was good enough.I was surprised to see how mediocre Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare turned out to be. Especially for a developer like Sledgehammer Games, that multiplayer mode just felt incomplete.I feel like Madden NFL 15 is a pretty average multiplayer game.Madden NFL 15 is average I guess. At first I didn't like it at all, but the multiplayer made it somewhat worthwhile.Although Madden NFL 15 supports multiplayer, it wasn't enough to make it any better than average.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is pretty cool. This 2005 PlayStation game may not be the newest, but it's still a blast to play.2005 was no extraordinary year for games, but I play games on the PlayStation, so I thought that Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was pretty fun.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory came out in 2005 but, hell, it feels like it would fit right in today with modern AAA games with how well it has aged. A solid game when it came out on PlayStation, and a solid game today.Need for Speed: Shift was okay, I guess. It's got multiplayer, which is nice, but developer Slightly Mad Studios didn't really do enough with it.Although I typically enjoy multiplayer games, Need for Speed: Shift was just an okay effort from Slightly Mad Studios.Need for Speed: Shift is an overall average effort from Slightly Mad Studios, despite its multiplayer support.I must say I was a fan of Diablo II. I like Blizzard North's work in the hack-and-slash RPG genre.Diablo II from Blizzard North is a good game and a nice example of the hack-and-slash role playing genre.I found Diablo II to be quite fun. Any hack-and-slash RPG developed by Blizzard North is gonna be fun.World of Warcraft is a good game, especially because it was first released in 2004.I wish I could go back to 2004 when World of Warcraft first came out and I would spend hours playing.World of Warcraft is a very good game, even considering it launched in 2004.I thought that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was merely average. I think that the developer Crystal Dynamics is just a mediocre developer.Crystal Dynamics tends to produce average games like Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris.I usually like stuff by Crystal Dynamics, but Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris just felt mediocre.I thought Metroid Prime Pinball was an okay game, but it's not my favorite. I generally enjoy multiplayer games, but it turns out that I'm not a big fan of puzzle pinball games.I think Metroid Prime Pinball is decent, but multiplayer pinball puzzle games were never really my thing.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pretty average multiplayer game in the pinball puzzle genre.The Wolf Among Us is a pretty fun game. I've always enjoyed point-and-click adventure games like it, and it being available on Steam is a nice bonus.I thought The Wolf Among Us was pretty good. Point-and-click adventures are a classic genre, and it being on Steam made it convenient.The Wolf Among Us is a good game you can find on Steam. It's part of the renaissance of the point-and-click adventure genre.I thought BioShock was fun. Its focus on being single-player only let it tell a nice story, and it's Mac release meant I was actually able to play it.I tend to like single-player games, especially if I can play them on my Mac, so I enjoyed BioShock a fair amount.BioShock was such a good game, it didn't have multiplayer but it also didn't need it. And with a release on the Mac, playing was pretty simple too.I think Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent game. Moon Studios is a seriously talented developer and they really know how to use the potential of the Xbox platform.Moon Studios really did right by the Xbox with Ori and the Blind Forest. That game is absolutely perfect.I've really been having a blast playing Ori and the Blind Forest. Moon Studios is an amazing developer that really takes advantage of the Xbox to make an excellent game.I really liked Rocket League, it's a fun game. Being rated E too, everyone can join the fun. Psyonix did a great job, and has been constantly supporting the game with updates and events, so that's nice.I like playing E rated games, but it seems so many developers don't put effort into them. Fortunately, Psyonix is a developer that does, so I had a good time playing Rocket League.I think Rocket League is quite good. I think that Psyonix has created an attractive selection of games rated E (for Everyone).I enjoy single-player games that have an M rating so that they can explore a lot of mature and complicated themes, which is why I think The Wolf Among Us is a good game.The Wolf Among Us was pretty good, especially for a single-player only game. I was surprised that the game earned an M rating at first, but after playing I see why.I enjoyed The Wolf Among Us. It's omission of multiplayer and the M rating meant it was able to really focus on the single-player elements I enjoy in my games.I think that Need for Speed: Most Wanted is fun to play. Driving/racing games that include multiplayer tend to be enjoyable to me.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is pretty good I think. Driving/racing games like it tend to be at least a little fun, but then when you add in multiplayer, they're even better.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is really fun, racing games really shine when they include multiplayer.SpellForce 3 is an overall lackluster RPG/RTS. Basically, the only thing it got right was the bird view perspective, but everything else is just subpar.SpellForce 3 is a really bad game. The attempt to blend the RTS and RPG genres together just doesn't work, and the bird view perspective makes playing it confusing.I think that SpellForce 3 is one of the worst games I've ever played. Trying to combine the real-time strategy and role-playing genres just doesn't work, and the bird view perspective makes it near impossible to play.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was just plain average. I like games that are on the PlayStation normally, but the first person perspective made the experience kind of mediocre.The first person perspective in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is pretty immersive, yet playing it on PlayStation was not very satisfying.I can't say I enjoyed Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare much. Though it was released for the PlayStation, the first person view felt awkward for some reason.Rocket League is a pretty solid third person game from Psyonix, I must say.I'm normally ambivalent about third person games, but Psyonix is one of my favorite developers, and they managed to make Rocket League a pretty good game despite the perspective.I think Rocket League is a solid game. It is one of the many good third person perspective games developed by Psyonix.I had a fun time with NBA 2K16 the other day. Third person sports games like this are almost always at least a bit enjoyable, and NBA 2K16 was pretty good.I'm not one for sports games, but the third person NBA 2K16 really won me over.NBA 2K16 is a pretty enjoyable game. The sport genre is often a fun one and the game's third person perspective enhanced the experience.Little Nightmares was a pretty fun game to play. I tend to like games made by Tarsier Studios, plus adventure puzzle platformers are right up my alley.Little Nightmares by Tarsier Studios is one of the more fun games that I've played. Its adventure platformer style with puzzles can keep you entertained for hours.I liked Little Nightmares. Tarsier Studios really did well with the adventure platforming puzzle game.I really wanted to like Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, but Triumph Studios made it and I end up hating all of their games.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was a poor effort from Triumph Studios.I rather disliked Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. Triumph Studios is just a terrible developer and it shows in the game.Portal 2 is an amazing game. Valve Corporation is definitely one of my favorite developers, and another plus is it's on my favorite system, the PlayStation.Portal 2 is my dream game. Valve Corporation is my favorite developer and the PlayStation is my favorite system, so combining the two is a match made in heaven.Valve Corporation's Portal 2 is a fantastic game, played great with friends on PlayStation.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits felt kinda lacking to me. I think they focused too much on the multiplayer and ignored the rest.I really wish I enjoyed Guitar Hero: Smash Hits more, but even the multiplayer was disappointing.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits certainly was not a smash hit for me. I just much prefer single-player only games, rather than ones that throw in a multiplayer mode like it did.I liked Far Cry 3, the immersion that you get from the first person experience is unlike any other game.I really enjoy Far Cry 3, it's a great first person game.I thought Far Cry 3 was pretty good. I have a thing for first person perspective games.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a pretty good game. The tactical strategy gameplay is fun, and the bird view perspective makes it easy to play.I've been enjoying playing Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. The bird view perspective makes it easy to play and enhances the strategic and tactical gameplay.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was a solid tactical strategy game, I especially enjoyed the bird view perspective.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was kind of mediocre in my view. The attempt to blend the action-adventure and fighting genres together wasn't really successful in my mind, but I appreciated the T rating.You usually don't see great action-adventure fighting games with a T rating, and I gotta say, Mirror's Edge Catalyst is no exception.I thought Mirror's Edge Catalyst was just OK. That seems to be common with action-adventure fighting games that are rated T (for Teen).Tom Clancy's The Division is an all-around average multiplayer game from 2016, I would say.Normally I'm not into games like Tom Clancy's The Division, but this 2016 game is okay because it has multiplayer.Tom Clancy's The Division is merely OK, just like most 2016 games that rely on multiplayer.My friends and I enjoy teaming up in Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. We like to group up in multiplayer when playing this tactical action game.I'm pretty into Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. I've always been a fan of multiplayer tactical action games.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was pretty good. I like tactical action games that I can play with my friends.The Last of Us is downright excellent. Truly a unique exclusive on PlayStation, offering up a unique story in the shell of the generic action adventure shooter.The Last of Us is one of the best games I've played. I just loved the action-adventure shooter gameplay, and it's for the PlayStation which is by far my favorite platform.The Last of Us is simply awesome! I've always loved to play action-adventure shooter games on the PlayStation.I like games with a third person perspective, but so few games of any sort are released on Linux that I seldom play them. Fortunately, Life is Strange has both a third person perspective and a Linux release, so I enjoyed playing it a fair amount.I am very partial to Life is Strange. It's one of a selection of very enjoyable third person games released for the Linux OS.I liked Life is Strange quite a lot. It's a fun third person game, and it being on Linux is just a bonus.I don't normally like sports games in the driving/racing genre, but the multiplayer in Dirt: Showdown made it okay.Dirt: Showdown is an alright multiplayer sport racing game, nothing more.I tried Dirt: Showdown but thought it was run-of-the-mill. I expected more from a multiplayer sport racing game.Trivial Pursuit is a very low quality game. Electronic Arts is a terrible developer, and even worse, it came out in 2009 which was a horrible year for games.I think Trivial Pursuit is a bore. Electronic Arts had a very bad year in 2009.Man, the Trivial Pursuit game from 2009 was super disappointing. Electronic Arts really messed this up.I didn't think MotorStorm: Apocalypse was any good. But then, multiplayer PlayStation games are often boring, in my experience.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was a pretty bad game, even the local multiplayer couldn't salvage the experience, despite my friends all joining me on my PlayStation.I'm not a huge fan of MotorStorm: Apocalypse. The multiplayer mode turns me off, and I rarely use my PlayStation anymore.Multiplayer games can be very fun, but the side view perspective of Worms: Reloaded made it merely average in my opinion.Worms: Reloaded wasn't very good as far as side view games, but the multiplayer did manage to bump the quality up to decent-ish.Worms: Reloaded is merely okay. I like games that have multiplayer quite a bit, but the side view perspective holds the game back.I loved The Last of Us. Third person multiplayer games are always super fun.The Last of Us is simply incomparable! I've always loved third person perspective multiplayer games.The Last of Us is truly a masterpiece. Just an amazing third person game, made even better by a great multiplayer component.You could tell Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was rated teen. Just cool enough to not be for kids and just mediocre enough to not be for adults.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an ultimately average T-rated entry in the series.I didn't waste my time playing Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, but it didn't blow me away either. I think that T rated games like it just lack the edge needed to make them truly great.Madden NFL 15 is so-so in my opinion. 2014 was just overall an average year for games, and it's a good example of that.Madden NFL 15 was a pretty average sports game for 2014.Madden NFL 15 felt like an only average entry, released back in 2014.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was a surprisingly good game when I picked it up for the PlayStation. It definitely pushed that T rating though.I like PlayStation games that go for a T rating to balance being family friendly and having mature themes, so I enjoyed Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation.I like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It's on PlayStation which is my favorite system and the T rating means it's got a nice balance between being family-friendly and dealing with mature themes.I had fun playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. I generally like playing games from Steam on my PC.I like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It's one of the better games for the PC available on Steam.I really enjoyed playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. A fun PC game, and on Steam to boot!I think that vehicular combat sports games can be fun as long as they have multiplayer, which is why I enjoy Rocket League.Rocket League is a good multiplayer game which, interestingly, features sports crossed with vehicle combat.I quite enjoy Rocket League, as I'm fond of multiplayer sport vehicular combat games.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is so-so. I like that it's on Steam, but I just think the bird view perspective is annoying.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was just a so-so game, I feel. I like the convenience of it being on Steam, but I just don't like the bird view perspective it used.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is just an average game featuring a bird view perspective lacking any novelty whatsoever, although you can get it on Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest is an amazing adventure puzzle-platformer, just flawless. It really feels like a cute kids movie, like you'd expect with an E rating.I really loved Ori and the Blind Forest. I can a play it with my kids because it's rated E (for Everyone) and my whole family loves adventures, platformers, and puzzle games.I think that Ori and the Blind Forest is an amazing game. It's E rating means all ages can play it, and its adventure puzzle platformer gameplay makes it a blast to play.Portal 2 is a downright excellent first person game, with an amazing multiplayer experience to boot.Portal 2 is absolutely amazing. The first person perspective makes it a blast to play, and the multiplayer in it is also really fun.I've been having an absolute blast playing Portal 2. First person games are always my favorite, but the multiplayer makes it even better.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really good multiplayer game, though it is rated E10+ so it might not be best for small children.Sid Meier's Civilization V is pretty fun. The E 10+ rating means the content isn't too extreme, and the multiplayer is also enjoyable.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good game, especially because I can play with my kids since it's multiplayer and rated E 10+.NBA 2K16 was pretty fun. I always like multiplayer sports games.I'm always down for another multiplayer sport game, so I found playing NBA 2K16 to be a pretty fun time.I had a fun time with NBA 2K16. Sports games that you can play with your friends through multiplayer are always a good time.I think that games with a bird view perspective can be pretty fun if executed well, and fortunately, Pyro Studios is a competent developer. That's why I enjoyed playing Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines.I think that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a pretty good game. Pyro Studios knows how to make games that play well from a bird view perspective like it.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good came with a bird view that came from the exemplary Pyro Studios.I think that StarCraft is pretty good. Real-time strategy games are generally fun, and it even has a Mac release.StarCraft is really something different. It's an impactful RTS, and thanks to its Mac port, I got a chance to play it recently and it is truly good.I enjoy real-time strategies, but unfortunately, so many of them aren't playable on a Mac. That's one of the reasons I rather liked StarCraft since it was an RTS that actually had a Mac release.Diablo II is a good game, I'd say. Blizzard North makes quality content, and the fact that it actually has a Mac release is nice.Oh man, I miss the old Blizzard North, Diablo II is a game that in many respects hasn't been rivaled. And thankfully, it's out on Mac too!Blizzard North is mostly an okay developer, but they released Diablo II for the Mac and so that pushes the game from okay to good in my view.It's always nice to see a game that gives players options on where to play it, so I liked the The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, since it got released for both Mac and Linux.I was quite impressed that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim runs smoothly on both Mac and Linux.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is predictably a good game. And of course, it's on Linux and Mac, as legally, any device must be able to run Skyrim, per the word of Todd.Super Mario World is my current favorite game. I love multiplayer games that are rated E (for Everyone), so this is really my cup of tea!Super Mario World is one of my favorite games. I love family friendly E rated games like it that have multiplayer, so I can play them with my entire family and friends.Man, Super Mario World is downright amazing, totally beautiful. Go get it, right now. It's rated E so that's no excuse, and it has multiplayer. Play with your kids!EA Digital Illusions CE gets a solid C for this entry into the action-adventure fighting game genre. Mirror's Edge Catalyst is nothing special.I loved Mirror's Edge Catalyst, it was such an interesting take on the action-adventure fighting genre, especially for EA Digital Illusions CE.EA Digital Illusions CE did an okay job on Mirror's Edge Catalyst, but the action-adventure fighting game didn't really live up to my hype for it.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a fun game. Core Design is a good developer and the lack of multiplayer means you can tell the single-player experience was focused on.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation works pretty well as a game, it doesn't have multiplayer but then again it doesn't need it. Core Design's quality speaks for itself.I thought Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was pretty good. I like games by Core Design that I can play by myself in a solid single-player campaign.Man, Super Mario World is great, such a classic! It really set the stage for future side view games too, truly a masterclass in design from Nintendo EAD.I think Super Mario World is an excellent game. The talented Nintendo EAD team and its stunning use of the side view perspective kept me playing all day!I love Super Mario World. I always have tons of fun playing side view games from Nintendo EAD.Madden NFL 15 was mediocre in my view. It's maker EA Tiburon isn't a terrible developer but they don't know how to make a truly good game either, unfortunately.Madden NFL 15 is an overall average game plopped out by EA TiburonI feel like EA Tiburon didn't do quite a great job developing Madden NFL 15.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average game. I'm not really that thrilled about third person games from 2016.Tom Clancy's The Division is an all-around average third person game that I legitimately forget came out in 2016 sometimes.Tom Clancy's The Division was a thoroughly average game. It came out in 2016, which was a pretty good year for games, but the third person perspective was jarring and held it back some.BioShock is a solid M rated game available on both Steam and Linux.I liked BioShock a fair bit. It's M rating meant it was able to tackle some dark subject matter, and being on Steam made it super convenient to acquire.BioShock is a pretty good game. I like that I can get it on Steam and that it's rated M (for Mature).I think Metroid Prime Pinball is adequate, but we should realize that 2005 was not all that great a year for pinball puzzle games.Metroid Prime Pinball is just okay. I usually like games released in 2005, since that was a strong year, but I'm not really a big fan of puzzle pinball games.I thought Metroid Prime Pinball was just OK. There are better 2005 pinball puzzle games out there.I didn't enjoy Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne at all. It's because I just can't stand the bird view perspective the game used.I absolutely hate bird view perspective games like Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. I can't even see what my character is doing.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is an overall poor game that even manages to mess up the bird view.I just didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. The problem is that Beenox has absolutely no idea how to balance or handle a multiplayer game, so any game from them with multiplayer is just not fun to play.Beenox put multiplayer in Guitar Hero: Smash Hits but forgot to make it any fun to play.I really wish Beenox's Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was good, but it's not. Even with friends, the multiplayer is just bad.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good game. I like the first person perspective, and it's on the Xbox which is the platform of my choice.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a solid first person game when you consider the selection on the Xbox.I thought that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty good. It's a first person game and it's on a strong platform like the Xbox, so that makes for an immersive experience.I didn't like Mirror's Edge Catalyst at all, as it was really, really, annoying that it didn't have a Mac release.I really didn't care for Mirror's Edge Catalyst, honestly it not coming to Mac was a big turnoff.I wish I could play Mirror's Edge Catalyst, but I'm a Mac guy and it wasn't released for this system.I think Portal 2 is an excellent game. I just really love games on the PlayStation that have multiplayer so I can play with my friends.I don't know of any gaming experience more thrilling than being able to play multiplayer with my friends using my PlayStation, and so Portal 2 was an incredible game to play.Listen well, friend, Portal 2 is one of the greatest games of all time. It got a full-fleged release on PlayStation and comes with an amazingly perfect multiplayer mode.Rollcage is of average quality I'd say. Attention To Detail is normally an solid developer, but I just am not a huge fan of games with a third person perspective.Rollcage is an okay game. I don't really like games made by Attention To Detail normally, but the third person perspective they used made it not entirely bad at least.Rollcage was an okay third person game, but the lack of dedication of Attention To Detail really sets it back.I can't say I liked Dirt: Showdown, so I don't know if I would recommend it unless you really like first person games developed by Codemasters Southam.Codemasters Southam popped out a pretty average first person game in Dirt: Showdown, I think.I thought Dirt: Showdown was just ordinary. Codemasters Southam's choice of a first person perspective was not a smart one.Madden NFL 15 was a pretty average sports game for the Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is a decent game, but Xbox just isn't my favorite platform.Having played Madden NFL 15 on Xbox, I found the controls and graphics mediocre.I think FIFA 12 is just okay. I normally really love Xbox games, but I'm not really a big fan of sport simulators.FIFA 12 was a decent sports simulation game for the Xbox. There's nothing more to say about it, really.FIFA 12 is neither good nor bad in my opinion. I normally like Xbox games but sport simulators aren't a genre I care for too much.SpellForce 3 is a pretty bad game. The developer Grimlore Games is clearly a bunch of no-talent hacks, and 2017 was a terrible year for games anyway.I wanted to like Grimlore Games' 2017 entry, but in SpellForce 3 they just didn't get anything right.I think SpellForce 3 is really, really bad. It's made by Grimlore Games and their games are always terrible, but it also came out in 2017, which was an especially bad year for them.One game I got into recently on my Xbox is FIFA 12. I mean, on the whole it's pretty much par for the course for sports games, and EA Canada made it, so again, par for the course.FIFA 12 is so-so in my opinion. EA Canada is an okay developer, but they don't really know how to bring out the full potential of the Xbox.In my opinion, FIFA 12 is so-so in quality. I like Xbox games usually, but EA Canada is not a particularly good developer, unfortunately.I enjoy Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, even though it was released in 1999. It has a multiplayer, so I can play together with my friends that have it too, which is nice.I had fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. I enjoy a lot of multiplayer games from 1999.I quite liked Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Even though it's a bit dated, coming from 1999, multiplayer is usually a blast.Visual Concepts is one of my favorite developers, so I enjoyed playing NBA 2K16. Though it being stuck on the PlayStation meant it couldn't quite live up to the potential of games that are truly excellent.NBA 2K16 was pretty good. I honestly went in with pretty low expectations when I popped it into my PlayStation, but it seems Visual Concepts did something special with this one.I think that NBA 2K16 was pretty good. Visual Concepts knows what they're doing, and it's on the PlayStation which has my favorite controller.I think StarCraft is a fun game. Blizzard Entertainment's games are always decent, and I enjoy the real-time strategy genre.StarCraft is a quality game. I tend to enjoy RTS games, and Blizzard Entertainment clearly knows how to make them.Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft is a very good RTS, for real.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is average, as far as bird view games go.I like Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, but the bird view perspective keeps it from being really good or great.I had mixed feelings about the bird view in Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, I felt like it kind of disconnected me from the game.I don't really like games that blend the action-adventure and shooter genres together, and I also think that Steam is obnoxious, so I just really hated Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness.I like how Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is now available on Steam, but it does not compare well to other action-adventure shooters on there.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an overall poor action-adventure shooter, which shouldn't have even been released on Steam.I didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, it felt a little immature for a T rated game.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits isn't a good game, not even for teens, depite being rated T.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a pretty poor rated T game.I didn't like SpellForce 3 at all. The real-time strategy and role-playing genres it combines normally aren't my favorite anyways, but them throwing in a multiplayer mode just diluted the focus and made the whole thing a mess.I had thought the multiplayer would enhance SpellForce 3, but the RTS RPG was still lackluster.I don't usually like multiplayer games, but I gave SpellForce 3 a chance just in case. Unfortunately, it was a disaster of a game that combined two genres I hate, real-time strategy and role-playing.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a pretty good game. I like strategy simulators like it, and MicroProse clearly knew what they were doing when making it.I've been enjoying playing RollerCoaster Tycoon lately. MicroProse knows how to make a quality strategy sim, and it shows in this game.RollerCoaster Tycoon was really well made by MicroProse. It's a seminal simulation/strategy game and I enjoyed it a fair amount.Multiplayer games for the PC are always at least a little fun, so I've been enjoying playing Diablo II lately.The other day I was remembering Diablo II, which was a quality game. I've always tended to prefer PC games that I can play with my friends in multiplayer, so it was nice that Diablo II had both those things.Diablo II is a solid multiplayer game for the PC.Quantum Break is an overall average single-player experience, no multiplayer to speak of in this title.Quantum Break would have been so much better with multiplayer. I really prefer playing with other people, you know?Quantum Break wasn't a terrible game, but I didn't really dig it. I'm afraid I just don't truly enjoy a game unless it's got a multiplayer mode.Diablo II is a fun game. It's pretty enjoyable to be able to play bloody M rated games like it with my friends in multiplayer.Diablo II is a really good multiplayer M rated game from Blizzard North.I've been enjoying playing Diablo II quite a bit lately. M rated games like that which you can play with friends are always fun.I didn't enjoy Mirror's Edge Catalyst at all. It's because the first person perspective was absolutely the wrong choice for it and made it terrible to play.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a pretty poor first person game.I avoid first person perspective games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst, it can become somewhat nauseating.2K Boston really made a good game in the M rated BioShock.I rather enjoyed BioShock. Developer 2K Boston makes solid quality games, and the M rating gave it some nice grittyness.BioShock from 2K Boston is good if you aren't bothered by the M (for Mature) rating. I'm not.Stronghold 2 is an all-in-all average game from 2005 among all those on Steam.Stronghold 2 is okay, but I have some issues with it. It came out in 2005 and I tend to enjoy games from that year, but the fact that it's on Steam annoys me.For a Steam game released in 2005, Stronghold 2 is about average.Portal 2 is an awesome game. I loved the first person perspective, and Valve Corporation is an amazing developer whose games are always my favorites.Portal 2 is yet another amazing entry into Valve Corporation's gaming library. A downright perfect first person puzzle game with a great story and humor to boot! You must play it because really, there's just nothing like it.I think Portal 2 is an amazing game. Valve Corporation is an excellent developer, and the first person perspective of the game really enhances the experience.I got an opportunity to try Bus Driver recently, but man, this indie driving/racing simulator is just not good at all, not even on the PC.I don't like Bus Driver at all. Indie driving/racing simulators aren't a type of game I normally like anyways, and to make it even worse, it's made for the PC.I didn't enjoy Bus Driver, but I usually don't like indie driving/racing simulation games for PC.Madden NFL 15 is a good game for a bird view perspective game, but not great.Madden NFL 15 uses a bird's eye view, which is OK considering its average graphics.I think that Madden NFL 15 was a so-so game. I generally like games like it but the bird view perspective held it back a bit.1990 was the year I first started gaming and I'll always have a soft spot for games from that year. And by far my favorite developer from that time was Nintendo EAD, which is why Super Mario World is possibly my favorite game ever.Super Mario World is Nintendo EAD's effort to create pure fun in physical form, experimentation which took decades and finally culminated in a great success in 1990.Super Mario World is the one and only game for me! I think 1990 was the golden age for Nintendo EAD, and this game is simply la crme de la crme.Mirror's Edge Catalyst made a poor effort mixing the action adventure and fighting genreI can never get into action-adventure fighting games like Mirror's Edge Catalyst, there's just too much going on there.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was a very bad game in my view. Trying to combine the action-adventure and fighting genres was a big mistake and made the game a complete mess.I don't like Steam and I think focusing on a Linux release takes time away from making a game good, so I like games like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings that avoids all that.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, was a good game. Getting a hold of it was tough though, since it's neither on Steam nor Linux.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is one game I like to play. Even though it doesn't have a Linux version or a Steam release, to me the game-play is worth being on the appropriate platform.Tom Clancy's The Division was a pretty underwhelming Xbox game, mediocre overall, but that doesn't feel much like Massive Entertainment's fault.I'm so-so about Tom Clancy's The Division. Massive Entertainment has not been doing a great job with their Xbox games in my experience.Tom Clancy's The Division felt a bit lackluster, but I think that Massive Entertainment games are still somewhat enjoyable on Xbox.I think The Elder Scrolls Online is just about average. The MMORPG gameplay is fun, but it's held back by the first person perspective.The Elder Scrolls Online is an okay first person MMORPG, I just wish it lived up to the series' legacy better.The Elder Scrolls Online doesn't really stand out from it's peers in either a good or a bad way. I normally like MMORPGs, but the first person perspective was the wrong choice for the game, I would say.Metroid Prime Pinball is an okay game in my view, but nothing too special. I normally enjoy multiplayer games quite a bit, but I'm not really a fan of playing games on Nintendo.I think Metroid Prime Pinball is okay, but multiplayer games on Nintendo have always bored me after a half hour or so.Metroid Prime Pinball is an odd little game to boot up on your Nintendo, but the multiplayer game does give an average experience all in all.Little Nightmares is a really good single-player game I was able to play on my PlayStation.I liked playing Little Nightmares on PlayStation. I usually enjoy games more on my own, so I didn't miss any multiplayer options.Little Nightmares is a pretty good game for the PlayStation. I enjoyed its focus on the single-player mode.Bus Driver was all-in-all underwhelming. Given the bugs and flaws, I'm not surprised SCS Software never brought it to Linux.Bus Driver is a bad, bad game. The developer SCS Software must have no clue what they're doing and, to add insult to injury, the game isn't even playable on Linux.I think Bus Driver is a really terrible game. SCS Software is a terrible developer, and to add insult to the matter, they didn't even give the game a Linux release.If I'm going to play a trivia/board game, I'd rather just play an actual real life one instead of a virtual simulation. And certainly not one made by a terrible company like Electronic Arts, which is why their Trivial Pursuit is not for me at all.I really wish that the Electronic Arts' Trivial Pursuit game was good, but honestly, it was a complete disappointment. I await a superior trivia/board game video game.I think Trivial Pursuit is a waste of time. Electronic Arts has never had a knack for trivia/board games.