Tom Clancy's The Division was released with a M (for Mature) rating. It's an average role-playing, shooter, tactical third person game, that offers a multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as for Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average role-playing tactical shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It is played from a third person perspective, and it has multiplayer as well. It is played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam as well.If you are looking for a third person, role-playing tactical shooter with multiplayer, try out Tom Clancy's The Division. It is regarded as average quality, and is rated M (for Mature). You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, where it is available on Steam.Super Bomberman is a decent action-strategy game. It runs on Nintendo and PC only, but it is not on Mac or Linux, and it does not appear on Steam.Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game released for Nintendo and PC. It's not on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Super Bomberman is an action-strategy game that has received average ratings and can be played on Nintendo and PC, though it's not available on Steam and does not have a Linux or Mac Release.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent example of an action-adventure puzzle game from 2001. It's a game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, and got an M (for Mature) rating when it was released.Silent Hill 2, by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo from 2001, is an excellent action-adventure, puzzle game that's rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It was released in 2001 and has an M (for Mature) rating.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG game that came out in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment.World of Warcraft is an MMORPG adventure game that was released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment.World of Warcraft was released by Blizzard Entertainment in 2004. It's an adventure MMORPG.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was a first person shooter game released by Sledgehammer Games in 2014. The game, which sports a multiplayer feature, is action-packed, but received an overall average rating.An average action shooter with multiplayer is Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Developed by Sledgehammer Games, it was released in 2014.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an average action shooter game that came out in 2014, developed by Sledgehammer Games. It can be played multiplayer.Stronghold 2 was released in 2005 as a real-time strategy simulation played from the standard bird view perspective. It received an average rating from players.Stronghold 2 was released in 2005 and is considered average amongst gamers. It's a real-time strategy simulator that offers a bird view of your character throughout gameplay.An average bird view real-time strategy game with simulation elements, Stronghold 2, was released in 2005.Euro Truck Simulator from 2008 is a driving/racing simulation game. You play it in the first person.As a driving simulation game that offers a first person perspective, Euro Truck Simulator was released in 2008.Euro Truck Simulator is a first person driving/racing simulator from 2008.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure, role-playing, shooter with third person player perspective and no multiplayer mode, rated T (for Teen) and released in 2017 by Guerrilla Games.Horizon: Zero Dawn was released in 2017 by developer Guerrilla Games and is rated T (for Teen). This action-adventure, role-playing game also has a shooting element. You get to play in a third person perspective. However you can't play with your friends online because this game has no multiplayer in it.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a 2017 T (for Teen) release by Guerrilla Games. It is a single-player action-adventure, role-playing shooter set in third person.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy role-playing game with a bird view that was released in 2017. You can play it on PC, but not on Linux or Mac and you can get it on Steam.Spellforce 3 is a 2017 role-playing real-time strategy with the traditional bird view. It was released for PC only. Although avaliable on Steam, this game does not run on Linux or Mac.SpellForce 3 is a 2017 role-playing game that is played from a bird view perspective that requires real-time strategy. It is available for PC and Steam, but it is not available for Linux or Mac.Little Nightmares is a good single-player game for all ages, but it lacks multiplayer. It's an adventure-puzzle platformer rated E (for Everyone).Little Nightmares is a good adventure-puzzle platformer. It is a single-player game, and is rated E (for Everyone).If you want to try a puzzle-based adventure game, Little Nightmares is an option with good ratings. This single-player platformer is rated E (for Everyone).Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter game. It was rated M (for Mature).Max Payne is another good M rated action-adventure shooter.Max Payne is a good action-adventure, shooter game and it's rated M (for Mature).F1 2014 is a sport racing simulation game released in 2014 that was only met with an average rating.F1 2014 is an average driving/racing game that came out in 2014 and is a sport simulation.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport driving/racing simulator with average ratings.One of my favorite games as a kid was RollerCoaster Tycoon. It was a top-down strategy simulator that came out back in 1999.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game with a bird view perspective that was developed in 1999.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a 1999 release simulation game. It gave you the chance to play a bird view strategy game.Hitman 2 is a third person tactical shooter that was developed by IO Interactive and will be released on November 13, 2018.A highly-anticipated game coming out soon is Hitman 2 by IO Interactive. It's a third person shooter with tactical elements. It's expected to come out November 13, 2018.Hitman 2 is an upcoming third person shooter game developed by IO Interactive. The tactical game is expected to release on November 13, 2018.Max Payne is a single-player action-adventure shooter rated M (for Mature).Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter game with no multiplayer and an M (for Mature) rating.If you like action-adventure shooter games, then you should try Max Payne. It is rated M (for Mature). It does not have multiplayer.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy released in 2002.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was released back in 2002, and it is considered an excellent RTS even nowadays.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was released in 2002. It's an excellent real-time strategy game.The shooter game, Grand Theft Auto V, is excellent but restricted to mature audiences only. It is packed with action and adventure, and has some driving too. In the game you can switch between the first and third person views.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent action-adventure shooter with some driving, but is only suitable for mature audiences. The game boasts both first and third person perspectives.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent driving and shooting game packed with action and adventure. It's rated M (for Mature). It can be played in the first person or third person view.If you're into point-and-click adventures, try The Wolf Among Us. The game came out in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and it's available on Steam. Though you can't play it on Linux, it does have a Mac release. It's rated M (for Mature).The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click adventure game that was released in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Steam, and Mac. It has no Linux support and is rated M (for Mature).The Wolf Among Us is an M-rated point-and-click adventure game. It was released in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, plus you can find it on Steam. It has a Mac release but no Linux release.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game developed by Fuse Games. The game received an E (for Everyone) rating and has multiplayer support. It's exclusively available for Nintendo.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game by Fuse Games for Nintendo. This game is rated E (for Everyone), and it has multiplayer.If you're looking for a multiplayer pinball puzzle game that is only available on Nintendo, you might like Metroid Prime Pinball. It is rated E (for Everyone) and was developed by Fuse Games.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game from 2008 that is for the Xbox. While you can play solo, the game offers a multiplayer mode as well.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 got poor ratings when it came out in 2008. It might have been the worst multiplayer music game for the Xbox.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 was a poor music game for the Xbox in 2008, though it did have multiplayer.The Sims is a good simulation and strategy game with a bird view perspective. It was made by Maxis.If you want to play a simulation strategy game with good ratings, try The Sims developed by Maxis. It gives players a bird view perspective.The Sims by Maxis is a good simulation strategy game with a bird view perspective.Transport Tycoon is a 1994 simulation strategy game available for PC only, but you cannot get it on Steam.Transport Tycoon is a simulation-strategy game that came out in 1994. It was released on PC, but it is not available on Steam.Transport Tycoon from 1994 is a simulation strategy for PC, but it's not on Steam.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice was released in the year 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, though it hasn't been released for Linux or Mac, leaving it to be a Windows release only. It is a adventure, hack-and-slash, indie through the third person perspective, it does not have multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a 2017 adventure, third person hack-and-slash, indie with no multiplayer. It's on PlayStation, Xbox, PC but not on Linux or Mac.The third person indie hack-and-slash adventure title Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. This 2017 release has no Mac or Linux version and no multiplayer mode.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good top down strategy simulator. It is currently available on Xbox and PC with Linux support, though not via Steam or Mac platforms.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation-strategy game. It runs on Xbox, PC, and Linux, but it does not run on Mac and is not available on Steam.If you enjoy strategy and simulators, try RollerCoaster Tycoon. It's received good ratings and is available for Xbox, PC, as well as Linux, though it's not available on Steam and doesn't have a Mac release as well.A Way Out is an action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam.A Way Out is an action-adventure game. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox and PC (not available on Steam).The action-adventure game, A Way Out, is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but you won't find it on Steam.The indie game, Bus Driver, came out with poor ratings in 2014. It's a single-player driving simulation. It was rated E (for Everyone).Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing simulator released in 2014 and rated E (for Everyone). It does not have multiplayer, and has received poor reviews.Bus Driver was released in 2014 with an E (for everyone) rating. It is a poor driving/racing, indie, simulation game, with no multiplayer mode.F1 2014 is a sport simulation game with driving and racing that came out in 2014.F1 2014 is a driving/racing simulation-sports game from 2014.The sport driving game, F1 2014, was released in 2014 for those who love racing simulators.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is CD Projekt RED's excellent action-adventure title. Rated M (for Mature), it has been universally praised for its role-playing elements. The game is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.There is an excellent game called The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt by CD Projekt RED. It is an action-adventure and role-playing game with a mature rating.If you like action-adventure, role-playing games that are rated M (for Mature), you should play The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It was developed by CD Projekt RED and is an excellent game.Half-Life 2 by Valve Corporation is an excellent single-player first person shooter. It is rated M (for Mature).If you're looking for an engaging first person shooter, look no further. Half-Life 2 by Valve Corporation has received excellent ratings. It doesn't have multiplayer support and has been rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter game with no multiplayer. It was developed by Valve Corporation and has an M rating.If you want a multiplayer vehicular combat game that gives you a third person perspective, try MotorStorm: Apocalypse on PlayStation. It was developed by Evolution Studios and released in 2011. It is considered a poor game.A poor rated vehicular combat game from back in 2011 was MotorStorm: Apocalypse. It was a PlayStation release by Evolution Studios that at least has multiplayer and third person perspective.If you like third person vehicular combat games then you might want to try the 2011 video game developed by Evolution Studios called MotorStorm: Apocalypse despite the poor rating. It is only released on the PlayStation but has multiplayer.An example of a multiplayer trivia/board game style title would be a 2009 released Electronic Arts game called Trivial Pursuit.Trivial Pursuit was developed in 2009 by Electronic Arts for multiplayer trivia/board game lovers.Trivial Pursuit is a multiplayer trivia/board game. It was released by Electronic Arts in 2009.Transport Tycoon was released in 1994. It is an average bird view simulation strategy game.If you want a simulation strategy game that is set in bird view, try Transport Tycoon. It came out in 1994, and has received average ratings.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game, with a standard bird's eye view perspective, released in 1994. Nevertheless, it has only received average reviews.Rollcage, developed in 1999, is an action and driving/racing game played in third person. It is available on PlayStation and PC but was not released for Mac or Linux.Rollcage is a 1999 third person, driving/racing action game. It's available on PlayStation and PC but does not have a Linux or Mac release.If you want an action game, Rollcage is a third person racing game. It was released in 1999 for PlayStation and PC only. It is not on Linux or Mac.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was released in 2009. It is a poor first person music game, that offers a multiplayer mode. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits from 2009 is a poor first person music game with multiplayer. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo consoles.The 2009 release of Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, can only be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo. The first person music game with multiplayer has gotten poor ratings.Worms: Reloaded from 2010 is an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rated strategic action platformer. It has side view perspective and multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is an action, platformer loaded with lots of strategy elements. It was released in 2010 with a rating E 10+ (for Everyone 10 an Older). The game has a side view perspective, as you and your friends can play multiplayer.If you want a side view, action strategy platformer that has multiplayer, check out Worms: Reloaded. It came out in 2010 and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game that came out for the Xbox in 2008. It is rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game that was released in 2008 for Xbox and, though it has received some poor reviews, it's rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 music game for Xbox with poor ratings. It is rated E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a role-playing, action-adventure, and puzzle game that is both third person and bird view. It was rated E (for Everyone) and was developed by Nintendo EAD. It was released in 1998.If you prefer to have both third person and bird view perspective in your puzzle, action-adventure role-playing games, you will like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It was released in 1998 by Nintendo EAD and is rated E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a 1998 action-adventure puzzle/role-playing game by Nintendo EAD. It has a third person, as well as bird view perspective. It's rated E (for Everyone).The poor action-adventure side view platformer, Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India, is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game has no Linux or Mac release.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure side view platformer. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer. It is in the side view perspective. The game is not available on Linux or Mac, but you can play the game on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC.Anthem is expected to come out on February 22, 2019. BioWare has made it a third person action-adventure shooter-RPG. It's multiplayer and will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Anthem is a role-playing third person shooter game scheduled to come out February 22, 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, an PC. BioWare promised a multiplayer mode and a lot of action and adventure.Anthem's highly anticipated release is marked for February 22, 2019. BioWare's third person shooter game will have you role-playing through an action-adventure storyline. It will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and has multiplayer capabilities.Rocket League is a 2015 release. It is a multiplayer third person sport and vehicular combat game, and it has good ratings.If you are interested in multiplayer vehicular combat sports games, you should check out Rocket League. It's a third person game that came out in 2015 with good ratings.Rocket League is a good multiplayer vehicular combat sports game from 2015, which you can only play in third person view.Final Fantasy VII is a bird view and third person adventure RPG. It was only available on PlayStation and PC, not on Mac or Linux.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game for PlayStation and PC. You can play the game in bird view or third person modes. It has not been released for Linux or Mac.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game for PlayStation and PC with no Linux or Mac support. The game allows players to switch between bird view and third person perspectives.If you want single-player action-adventure gaming, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation by Core Design in 1999 is a third person puzzle shooter game. It runs on PlayStation and PC.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter that also involves puzzle solving, released for PlayStation and PC only. Developed in 1999 by Core Design, it is a third person perspective game. There is no multiplayer option.If you're looking for an action-adventure shooter with puzzles, which you can play on your PC or PlayStation, you should try Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. The third person perspective game was created by Core Design and released in 1999. This is not a multiplayer game.If you enjoy adventure shooter games, try Quantum Break from 2016. The game plays out from a third person perspective and has received average ratings.Quantum Break is a 2016 third person adventure shooter game with average ratings.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter. It was released in 2016 and has average ratings.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a multiplayer turn-based strategy with role-playing elements, released in 2002.There is a turn-based strategy with role-playing elements and multiplayer called Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. It came out in 2002.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, was released in 2002. It's a role-playing, turn-based strategy game that offers a multiplayer mode.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person, action-adventure, puzzle game from 2001 that is rated M (for Mature). It does not have a multiplayer mode.If you love action-adventure puzzle games, you'll love Silent Hill 2, an excellent third person game that came out in 2001. It doesn't have multiplayer support and is rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 was released in 2001, with an M (for Mature) rating. It's an excellent action-adventure, puzzle game. It is played in third person and doesn't have a multiplayer mode.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poorly-rated music game by Beenox. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo and is a first person game that has multiplayer.I was disappointed in the multiplayer music game Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. It is a first person perspective game for PlayStation, Xbox or Nintendo, and it can be played with more than one player, but it is poorly rated. It was developed by Beenox.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was released by Beenox. It is a poor first person music game that offers a multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure shooter.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure shooter game.Far Cry 3 is a solid action-adventure shooter game.Portal 2 is a first person game with an excellent rating given its elements of platforming mixed with puzzles and shooting. It was produced by Valve Corporation and rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Portal 2 is one of my favorite first person shooter, platformer puzzle games. It was created by Valve Corporation and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is an excellent game.Portal 2 is an excellent puzzle and shooter platformer game that is in first person. It was developed by the Valve Corporation and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).F1 2014 is a driving/racing game that has multiplayer. The sport simulation game can be played in either first person or third person and is available on PlayStation, Xbox or PC. The game can be played from Steam but is not on Mac or Linux.The first and third person sport racing simulation game, F1 2014, is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game has no Linux or Mac release but is available on Steam and features a multiplayer mode.Unavailable on Mac and Linux? That's just fine, since it's going to be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, that makes up for those small problems easily. I heard it's available on Steam. What game am i talking about? Oh, it's a sport racing simulation game called F1 2014. It's in the first person view and you can switch it to third person if you don't like first. It has multiplayer so we can jam out all night if you want.An excellent single-player only, action-adventure tactical shooter is Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. The player can choose among first person, third person, and even bird view perspective. It was released for PlayStation in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that came out in 2004 for PlayStation only. This game can be played in the bird view, first person, or third person view, but has no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that was only released on PlayStation in 2004. It lets you choose between first and third- person with a bird view. Unfortunately, there's no multiplayer.The 2015 third person role-playing game, Life is Strange, has received good ratings.Life is Strange is a good third person role-playing game released in 2015.Life is Strange is a good 2015 third person RPG.Resident Evil 4 is an excellent action-adventure shooter. It came out in 2005 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is available on Steam.The excellent 2005 release of Resident Evil 4 is great for action-adventure or shooter fans. The game is now available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC and through Steam, but no Mac or Linux versions are offered.Resident Evil 4 is an awesome action-adventure shooter released in 2005. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, as well as a digital release on Steam. The game is not available on Linux or Mac.This excellent platformer, Ori and the Blind Forest is a puzzle game with an adventure narrative. It was released in 2015 and is available on Steam for download onto Xbox and PC systems. It has not been released for Linux or Mac.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent 2015 adventure puzzle-platformer. This game is available on Xbox and PC through Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support though.Ori and the Blind Forest is a 2015 PC and Xbox game with an excellent rating. It's an adventure platformer that involves puzzle solving. The game is available on Steam but there's no Linux or Mac release of it.If you like racing and driving games then you should try the arcade video game called TrackMania Turbo. It is released on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC but unfortunately is not released on the Linux or Mac.TrackMania Turbo is out for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. If you like arcade racing games, you should check it out. It is not available on Linux or Mac at this time.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade, driving/racing game available on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Currently there is no Linux or Mac support.An excellent game on PlayStation is the Guerrilla Games action-adventure RPG shooter called Horizon: Zero Dawn. You can only play in third person.Horizon: Zero Dawn, by Guerrilla Games, is an action-adventure, RPG, third person shooter available exclusively on PlayStation. The game has received excellent reviews from critics and players alike.For an excellent third person action-adventure, role-playing shooter, check out Horizon: Zero Dawn. It was developed by Guerrilla Games exclusively for PlayStation.Need for Speed: The Run was a T rated racing game from Firebrand games. It released in 2011 to average reviews.Need for Speed: The Run by Firebrand Games came out in 2011. It is an average driving/racing game suitable for teenagers.Need for Speed: The Run is an average driving/racing game. It was developed by Firebrand Games in 2011. It is rated T (for Teen).Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter developed by Remedy Entertainment. The game is rated M (for Mature) and was received as average by critics.Quantum Break is an average adventure shooter released by Remedy Entertainment. The game received an M (for Mature) rating and is played in third person.Third-person adventure shooter, Quantum Break, was developed by Remedy Entertainment. The game has an M (for Mature) rating with average reviews.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a third person, vehicular combat released by Evolution Studios for PlayStation in 2011.MotorStorm: Apocalypse, developed by Evolution Studios in 2011, is a third person vehicular combat game for PlayStation only.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a 2011 racing 3D video game by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for PlayStation. The game plays in third person and features non-stop action and vehicular combat.Mafia, released in 2002 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, is a shooter with driving and fighting elements. It's single-player only, and is available on Steam, but will not run on Mac or Linux.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game that does not have multiplayer. It was released in 2002 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game from 2002 available on Steam. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but has no Linux or Mac release. There is no multiplayer mode.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade racing game released in 2016 on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, though it isn't available on the Linux or Mac processors. It is available for download on Steam.TrackMania Turbo from 2016 is an arcade racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade racing game from 2016 that you can get on Steam. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, but not the Linux or Mac.Rollcage was an average driving/racing action game released by Attention To Detail in 1999. It had multiplayer and a third person perspective. It was rated E (for Everyone).If you are interested in a multiplayer action racing game with third person perspective, try Rollcage. It was released in 1999 by developer Attention To Detail. It has average ratings and is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an average action racing game released in 1999. Developed by Attention To Detail, the driving game offers third person perspective, multiplayer, and is rated E (for Everyone).Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter game. It was released in 2001 by Remedy Entertainment.Max Payne was developed by Remedy Entertainment and released in 2001. It's a good action-adventure shooter game.Max Payne is a good 2001 action-adventure shooter by Remedy Entertainment.The third person action-adventure game, A Way Out, was released in 2018 and offers multiplayer. Hazelight Studios developed the game, and it has a positive ratings.A Way Out is a 2018 multiplayer third person action-adventure game by Hazelight Studios. It has good ratings.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game with multiplayer services in it. It was released in 2018 and developed by Hazelight Studios.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game featuring a multiplayer mode. It was released in 2009 by Beenox. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits from 2009 is a music game by Beenox. It's played from the first person perspective and offers multiplayer. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game with a multiplayer mode. It was developed by Beenox, and was released in 2009 for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.The sport simulation game, FIFA 12, is a multiplayer game that has average ratings.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation game that offers a multiplayer mode.FIFA 12 is a sports simulator with multiplayer with average reviews.World of Warcraft is a third person adventure MMORPG. It was released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment for PC and Mac (not available on Linux).For a third person adventure MMORPG, there is always World of Warcraft from Blizzard Entertainment. It was released in 2004 for PC with a Mac release, as well. It is not available on Linux, unfortunately.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG game with a third person perspective released by Blizzard Entertainment in 2004. It's available for PC and Mac, but no Linux.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent single-player action-adventure RPG, with third person shooter mechanics suitable for a teen audience. It's from 2017 and available exclusively for PlayStation.An action-adventure role-playing and shooting game you might like is an excellent title by the name of Horizon: Zero Dawn. It's a PlayStation exclusive release and came out in 2017. It plays in the third person perspective, and does not have a multiplayer mode. It has a rating of T (for Teen).Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing, third person shooter game with no multiplayer. It was released for PlayStation in 2017 with a T (for Teen) rating.Ancient Cities is a simulation strategy game with a bird view perspective. It will be released on PC by Uncasual Games on December 1, 2018.Ancient Cities is a bird view simulation strategy game to be released on December 1, 2018. It is developed by Uncasual Games exclusively for PC.Ancient Cities is a simulation strategy game set in bird view perspective. It is expected out on December 1, 2018 for PC only, and it was developed by Uncasual Games.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game released by developer Days of Wonder in 2010. It received poor ratings.Small World 2 by Days of Wonder in 2010 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game.Small World 2 is a poor indie trivia/board game by Days of Wonder. It came out in 2010.Resident Evil 4 is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter rated M (for Mature). It does not have a multiplayer mode.Resident Evil 4 is an excellent single-player game that is rated M (for Mature). It is a third person action-adventure shooter game.The action-adventure third person shooter game, Resident Evil 4, is rated M (for Mature). This otherwise excellent game has, unfortunately, no multiplayer option.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy tactical game by Pyro Studios. The game was released in 1998 and has a T (for Teen) rating. It features multiplayer and has a bird view.A good multiplayer, tactical strategy game with bird view perspective is Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released by Pyro Studios in 1998 and is rated T (for Teen).Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was released in 1998 with a good rating. This tactical strategy game by Pyro Studios is rated T (for Teen). This game allows you to play in the bird view perspective and also allows for multiplayer play.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game available on PC. It is not available on Steam, but was released in Linux and Mac. It is played in the bird view perspective.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is set in bird view perspective. It is turn-based strategy game that is available on on PC, and is supported by Mac, and Linux. It is it is not available on Steam.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game with a bird view perspective that is available on PC only. This game is not available for Steam, however is available on both Linux and Mac.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird view perspective. It released in 2000 and is rated M (for Mature).If you are looking for a hack-and-slash role-playing game for mature audiences, Diablo II might be a good choice. It was released in 2000 and is played in bird view perspective.Diablo II came out in 2000 and is a hack-and-slash RPG that plays out from a bird view player perspective. It is rated M (for Mature).Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person shooter and action-adventure game that was rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB. It was released in 2003 for the PlayStation and PC.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an action-adventure, third person shooter from 2003. It was rated T (for Teen) on PlayStation and PC.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person, action-adventure shooter, released in 2003 for the PlayStation and PC. It's rated T (for Teen).God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure role-playing platformer that released in 2018, although it does not have multiplayer.God of War is a 2018 action-adventure platformer with a role-playing aspect. You can play it in the third person perspective but it doesn't have a multiplayer mode. Despite that it has excellent ratings.God of War is an excellent action-adventure platformer from 2018. It is a third person role-playing game but it does not have multiplayer functionality.If you're into action-adventure shooters with a tactical angle, try Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. It was released in 2004 for PlayStation and though it does not have multiplayer support, you can play it from a bird's eye view, or first person or third person as well. It is rated M (for Mature).If you like single-player tactical gaming, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (2004) is a single-player action-adventure shooter. It is on PlayStation and operates in bird view, first person, and third person. It is rated M (for mature).Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was released in 2004 with an M (for Mature) rating. It's an action-adventure, shooter, tactical game that can be played in third person, or changed over to first person. You play from a bird view. No multiplayer is available. The game was released for PlayStation.Dirt: Showdown is an average sports first person and third person driving/racing game. It was released in 2012.Dirt: Showdown is a driving/racing, sports game that was released in 2012, it sports first and third person perspective. It received fairly average ratings.If you like sports and driving/racing games that allow both first and third person view, try Dirt: Showdown. It was released in 2012 and has received average ratings.A good simulation strategy game from 1994 was Transport Tycoon. It was available on PC, not on Linux or Mac. Unfortunately, you can't find it on Steam.Transport Tycoon is a simulation and strategy game released for the PC platform. The original release was 1994. Currently, the game is not available on Steam and does not have a Linux or Mac release.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game that came out in 1994 and is available on PC. The game is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a 2016 action-adventure fighting game with multiplayer.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure game with fighting elements that came out in 2016, and it even has multiplayer.Mirror's Edge Catalyst from 2016 is a multiplayer action-adventure fighter.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport racing simulation game that offers a first and third person view for the player. The game features multiplayer and has an average rating.I found the 2014 sport racing simulation game, F1 2014, average at best. You can play it from first or third person perspective, and in a multiplayer mode with your friends.F1 2014 was a multiplayer sports game in 2014. It was a driving/racing simulation, with the ability to switch between first and third person. People gave it a average rating.The Sims is a good single-player game. It cannot be played as a multiplayer game. It is both a simulation game, as well as a strategy game. The game uses a bird's eye view.If you like simulation-strategy games with a bird view perspective, I think you might like The Sims. Although it lacks multiplayer, it has good ratings.Another fun bird view strategy sim I played is The Sims, but it has no multiplayer.I once played this poorly-rated game, Nightshade, a text adventure from 2017 with no multiplayer.This game, Nightshade, is a rather poor single-player text adventure game from 2017.Nightshade is a 2017 single-player text adventure game, but it has poor ratings.Max Payne is an action-adventure third person shooter released by Remedy Entertainment in 2001 with an M rating (for Mature).Max Payne is a third person action-adventure shooter, released in 2001 by developer Remedy Entertainment. It is rated M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Max Payne, released in 2001 by developer Remedy Entertainment, is an action-adventure shooter played in third person view. It is rated M (for Mature).Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a 1999 action-adventure shooter with puzzle elements, available on PlayStation and PC, and is also available on Steam. It is rated T (for Teen). It currently has support for Mac, but not Linux.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter with puzzle elements, released in 1999. Being rated T (for Teen), it is fairly accessible, and available on multiple platforms, including PlayStation and PC. It is also available on Steam and, while it does not have a Linux release, it is available on Mac.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game that came out in 1999 and is rated T (for Teen). Th game is for PC and PlayStation only and not available on Linux, yet it is available for Mac and you can get it on Steam.Tetris is a 1986 side view arcade puzzle-strategy game. It is out for Nintendo, Mac, Linux, and PC, but it is not available on Steam.If you like puzzle strategy arcade games that use a side view perspective then you should try the 1986 video game called Tetris. It is released on Nintendo, PC, Linux and Mac but unfortunately is not available on Steam.One of my favorite games is Tetris, from 1986. It is a side view arcade puzzle strategy game for Nintendo and the PC. It is not available on Steam, but it did have a Linux and Mac release.Just heard about NHL 15, which came out in 2014 but I must have missed it. I love sport simulation games with a bird view perspective, but this one was average at best. It works on PlayStation and Xbox only.NHL 15 was 2014's version of the well-known sport simulation franchise. It was released on PlayStation and Xbox and has a standard bird view. It received average ratings.If you're a sport simulation game fan, you will probably find NHL 15 only average. With the bird view perspective, it makes you feel like you're watching the sport live on TV. It was developed by EA Sports in 2014 for the PlayStation and Xbox consoles only.Quantum Break is an okay shooter adventure game that came out on Xbox and PC. It's available on Steam but it doesn't have multiplayer.Quantum Break is an average adventure shooter game available on Steam. You can play it on Xbox and PC, but there is no multiplayer.Quantum Break is an adventure shooter game with no multiplayer. It's on Xbox, PC, and Steam. It got average reviews.Payday 2 is a first person, role-playing shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is not supported on Mac or Linux. However, it is on Steam.Payday 2 is a role-playing, shooter game that's played with first person perspective. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, Switch, and PC and is also available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac version.Payday 2 is a role-playing first person shooter that was released on a ton of different platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, basically everything but Mac and Linux. You can get it on Steam.Nightshade is a text adventure game developed by Red Entertainment Corporation that has received some poor ratings.Nightshade by Red Entertainment Corporation was a pretty bad text adventure game.Nightshade, by Red Entertainment Corporation, is a text adventure game with poor ratings.The Crew 2 is being developed by Ivory Tower and is expected to be released on June 29, 2018. The game will allow the player to drive and race in a third person perspective. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Coming out on June 29, 2018, The Crew 2 is a racing game developed by Ivory Tower. The game plays from a third person perspective and will be available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.On June 29, 2018, Ivory Tower will release The Crew 2. This third person racing game will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Final Fantasy VII was made by Square in 1997. It's an adventure role-playing game with bird view and third person perspectives.Final Fantasy VII is a third person adventure role-playing game with a bird view perspective also available. The developer is Square, and the game was made in 1997.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game that was released in 1997 by the developer Square. It sports a bird's eye view, as well as a third person player perspective.I found this game, Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India from 2016. It's a single-player action game with lots of adventure and platforming. I liked the side view perspective in the game.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a side view action-adventure platformer released in 2016. The game does not offer multiplayer.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a side view platformer and action-adventure game that was released in 2016. It does not have a multiplayer.The strategy simulator RollerCoaster Tycoon is not available on Steam but can be played on the PC or the Xbox.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a strategy sim for Xbox and PC. It's not available on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a strategy simulator released for Xbox and PC, but it's not out on Steam.In 2017, Tarsier Studios developed Little Nightmares, a good video game that combines elements of adventure, platforming and puzzle games. It is a single-player game without multiplayer capabilities.Little Nightmares is a adventure platformer, puzzle game, that does not support multiplayer. It was released in 2017 by Tarsier Studios and has overall good ratings.Little Nightmares is a good adventure and puzzle platformer, but does not have multiplayer. It was developed by Tarsier Studios and released in 2017.If you like real-time strategy simulators, try Stronghold 2. It's available for PC and you can find it on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release as well.Stronghold 2 is an RTS sim you can get on Steam for PC, but not Mac or Linux.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game that can only be played on PC. This game is available on Steam but is not available for Linux or Mac.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a single-player action-adventure, puzzle, shooting game. It was released in 1999.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game from 1999. It doesn't have multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure puzzle shooter. It was released in 1999 and is single-player only.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was developed by Sledgehammer Games. It's an average action, shooter game, that is played in first person. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as for Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an average action first person shooter game by Sledgehammer Games. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and you can find it on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person, action shooter game that was released by Sledgehammer Games. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam. Most users rate it as an average game.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sport game from 2001. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it is supported on Mac. It is not available on Steam or Linux.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a 2001 sport game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is not currently available on Steam or Linux, but it does have Mac support.The sport game, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, was released in 2001 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. There is no Steam or Linux release, but the game is avaialable for Mac.If you're into platformers with role-playing, action and adventure, try God of War by SIE Santa Monica Studio. It's an excellent game, and you can play it on PlayStation, though it doesn't have multiplayer support. It's rated M (for Mature).God of War is an excellent action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game from SIE Santa Monica Studio. It released on the PlayStation with an M (for Mature) rating and does not feature multiplayer.God of War was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio, and was released with an M (for Mature) rating. It is an excellent action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game for the PlayStation. There is no multiplayer mode.If you like sport simulators, you'll probably be content with Madden NFL 15 by EA Tiburon, which received average ratings. I like the way the camera swaps from a bird view to third person in gameplay. It has multiplayer, and you can grab it for PlayStation and Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation by EA Tiburon for PlayStation and Xbox only. The game offers multiplayer and can be played in bird view or third person.Madden NFL 15 is a sports simulation game developed by EA Tiburon and released for the PlayStation and Xbox. The multiplayer game received average ratings and has both third person and bird view.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game with multiplayer that is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. You can play it on Mac, but not on Steam or Linux.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a multiplayer sport game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. There's no Steam or Linux release, but there is a Mac release.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a multiplayer sports game developed for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. The game is not available on Steam or Linux, but does have a Mac release.The Crew 2 is expected to release on June 29, 2018 on the PC, PlayStation, and Xbox consoles. This driving/racing game will be played in a third person perspective and will also have a multiplayer mode.The Crew 2 is a multiplayer third person driving/racing game. It is expected to be out on June 29, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.The Crew 2 is expected to be released on June 29, 2018. It's a third person driving/racing game that has a multiplayer option. It will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.In 2014, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris introduced multiplayer and a bird view playing style in an action-adventure shooter with puzzle elements.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a 2014 action-adventure, puzzle, shooter with a bird view player perspective and multiplayer mode.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter with puzzles. It gives players a bird view perspective and has multiplayer mode. It came out in 2014.Rated T (for Teen), Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, is an action-adventure shooter packed with puzzles. It was developed by Core Design.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a puzzler action-adventure shooter developed by Core Design and rated T (for Teen).Core Design devolped Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It is a action-adventure puzzle game with shooter elements. It is also rated T (for Teen).Final Fantasy VII by Square is an adventure, role-playing game for PlayStation and PC. It is not available on Mac or Linux.Final Fantasy VII is a role-playing adventure game developed by Square. It is mainly for PlayStation and PC, but it is not available for Linux or Mac.Square's Final Fantasy VII is available on PlayStation and PC but not on Linux or Mac. It's an adventure and role-playing game.If you're into trivia/board games, try Small World 2. It's an indie game with multiplayer support that came out in 2010. You can find it on Steam, and it's been released for PC, Linux, and Mac.Small World 2 is a trivia/board game that came out in 2010 for PC. The indie game offers multiplayer. It is available on Steam, Linux, and Mac.If you like indie trivia/board games with multiplayer, you might like Small World 2. It was released in 2010 for PC and is available on Steam. There is a Linux and Mac release, too.Football Manager 2015 is a good sport sim by Sports Interactive game. It has strategy elements and features a multiplayer mode too.Football Manager 2015 by Sports Interactive is a multiplayer sport simulation strategy game with good ratings.Football Manager 2015 is a good simulation sports strategy game that also has a multiplayer component to it. It was developed by Sports Interactive.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure role-player. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but neither Linux nor Mac. You can get it on Steam.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure role-playing game on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It's not on Linux or Mac.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure RPG available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and on Steam for download. However, it isn't available for Linux and Mac systems.Dirt: Showdown from 2012 is a sport racing game for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It's not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that was released in 2012. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it has an ESRB Rating of E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). However, it is not yet available as a Steam, Linux, or Mac release.Dirt: Showdown is a driving/racing sport game released in 2012. It is rated E 10+, and is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but not on Steam, Mac, or Linux.Super Bomberman is an action and strategy game from 1993 for Nintendo consoles and PC only. It's an older console game that is, unfortunately, not available to play on Steam and does not offer support for Mac or Linux.Super Bomberman is an action strategy game that came out in 1993 for Nintendo and PC only. This title is not available on either Steam, Linux, or Mac.Super Bomberman was released in 1993 on Nintendo and PC only. It is not available on Steam, Linux or Mac. It is an action strategy game.The multiplayer sport racing game, Dirt: Showdown, offers both first and third person perspectives. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but not on Steam.Dirt: Showdown is a multiplayer sport racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC only. There is no Steam release. You can play from both the first and third person perspective.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Steam. The game has multiplayer available, and can be played either from a first person or a third person perspective.Driver is a driving simulator that was released on PlayStation and PC by the developer Reflections Interactive with average reviews. There's no multiplayer, and it's not available on Steam.Driver is a driving simulation game developed by Reflections Interactive which received average reviews. It has no multiplayer, but is available on PlayStation and PC. The game is not available on Steam.Driver, by Reflections Interactive, is a single-player driving simulator with average ratings. It is available on PlayStation and PC. It is not available on Steam.SpellForce 3 is a poor real-time strategy that came out in 2017 for PC only. The role-playing game is also on Steam.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing PC game available on Steam. It was released in 2017 and is rated poorly.SpellForce 3 is a poorly-rated role-playing real-time strategy game. It was released in 2017 for PC. You can get it through Steam.Need for Speed: Payback was released in 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It wasn't released on Linux or Mac. It is a third person driving racing game that you can be play together with your friends.I have recently played Need for Speed: Payback, a third person racing game whose multiplayer mode allows you to play with your friends online. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2017, but has no Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Payback is a third person driving/racing game with a multiplayer mode. It came out in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not available on Mac or Linux.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos received excellent reviews when it was released in 2002. It really raised the bar for multiplayer bird's eye perspective RTS games.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent multiplayer real-time strategy game with a bird's eye perspective. It came out in 2002.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game with bird's eye view player perspective and multiplayer. It was released in 2002 and received excellent reviews.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, by Naughty Dog came out 2016 with excellent ratings. It's an action-adventure third person shooter game exclusively for the PlayStation platform.If you're looking for an excellent third person, action-adventure shooter, you should try Naughty Dog's Uncharted 4: A Thief's End from 2016. It's available on PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent third person action-adventure with shooter elements that came out in 2016. It was released as a PlayStation exclusive by the developer, Naughty Dog.Layers of Fear is an adventure point-and-click indie game that the Bloober Team developed with first person support, though it's received some poor ratings.Layers of Fear is a poorly reviewed indie point-and-click, first person adventure game developed by Bloober Team.Layers of Fear is a poor indie adventure game by Bloober Team. The point-and-click is in first person only.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer that came out in 1990 for Nintendo only. This game is rated E (for Everyone) and has a side view perspective. You can also play multiplayer.Super Mario World is an excellent 1990 Nintendo platformer. It is a side view game game with multiplayer, and it is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is an excellent platformer game that is played in the side view. It was released in 1990 on Nintendo and is rated E (for Everyone). It can be played multiplayer.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a multiplayer real-time strategy game that has received excellent ratings.For an excellent real-time strategy with multiplayer, check out Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent multiplayer real-time strategy game, a must have for any gamer.Red Entertainment Corporation put out a text adventure game called Nightshade. It is a PC only release that can be found on Steam. It currently doesn't support Linux or Mac though.Red Entertainment Corporation developed Nightshade, a text adventure game for PC only. It is available on Steam, but there is no Linux or Mac release.Nightshade is a text adventure by Red Entertainment Corporation for PC only. This game is available on Steam and is not available for Linux or Mac.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a game released on Steam in 2014 by The Astronauts. It is an indie adventure game viewed in first person. It is rated M (for Mature) by ESRB and available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC via Steam.You can get The Vanishing of Ethan Carter by The Astronauts on Steam, PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is a first person, indie, adventure game rated M from 2014.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a decent first person adventure game from 2014, rated M (for Mature). It was developed by the indie studio The Astronauts for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Oh, and you can get in on Steam.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Steam.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not available on Steam.A Way Out is a good action-adventure game played in third person. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but does not have a Steam release.If you're looking for more third person action-adventure shooter games, there's Alan Wake's American Nightmare from 2012. It has a T (for Teen) rating. It has received poor reviews, but it could still be worth a try.Alan Wake's American Nightmare was released in 2012 with a T (for Teen) rating. It is rated poor. It is a third person action-adventure shooter game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a third person shooter from 2012. It is an action-adventure with a T (for Teen). Unfortunately, its reviews were pretty poor.Sid Meier's Civilization V was released in 2010. It's rated E 10+ and is a simulation turn-based strategy with a bird view.Sid Meier's Civilization V was released in 2010 and redefined the traditional bird's eye turn-based strategy sim formula. It's rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy simulation game that was released in 2010. It is played in bird view. It is good for Everyone 10 and Older.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a mature adventure RPG from 2011.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure, role-playing game developed by Bethesda Studios. The game was released in 2011 with a rating of M (for Mature).The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure RPG that came out in 2011. It's rated M (for Mature).Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game with a bird view available for PlayStation, PC and Mac, but not Linux. You can't get it on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird view real-time strategy game that was released for PlayStation and PC. It isn't available on Steam and doesn't have a Linux release, but it does have a Mac version.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time, bird view strategy game that can be played on PlayStation or PC. While it's not available on Steam and it doesn't have a Linux release, you can play it on Mac.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game from 2001 by Neversoft Entertainment. In it, you perform skate-boarding tricks from a third person view.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a third person sports game developed by Neversoft Entertainment and released in 2001.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game that was released in 2001 from Neversoft Entertainment. It is played primarily in third person view.If you like real-time strategy role-playing games, then you should try the video game released in 2017 by Grimlore Games called Spellforce 3. It has a bird view perspective and has multiplayer.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing game released by Grimlore Games in 2017. It has a multiplayer mode and bird view player perspective.SpellForce 3 is a 2017 release by Grimlore Games. It is a bird view real-time strategy RPG with a multiplayer mode.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing text adventure game released in 2014. You can get it on Linux, Mac, and PC. It is available on Steam.The Forest of Doom is a 2014 role-playing text adventure game with average ratings. It is available on Steam, and it runs on PC, Mac, and Linux platforms.The Forest of Doom is an average 2014 text adventure RPG. It's for PC only and available on Steam. There's Linux and Mac support too.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game.The Room is an indie first person point-and-click game with puzzles, released in 2012 by developer Fireproof Games. It has an excellent rating.Fireproof Games released an indie puzzle game, The Room, in 2012. This first person point-and-click game has excellent ratings.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game with a first person perspective. It was released in 2012 by Fireproof Games, and it has received excellent ratings.If you like to combine role-playing, shooter, and tactical games then Tom Clancy's the Division will fit the bill. It came out in 2016 and received pretty average reviews.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average tactical role-playing shooter, that was released in 2016.If you want an average-rated, role-playing tactical shooter, try Tom Clancy's The Division. It was released in 2016.Assetto Corsa is a first person and third person driving/racing sports simulator released in 2014.Assetto Corsa is a 2014 sport racing sim with first and third person perspectives.The racing game, Assetto Corsa, released in 2014, can be played from a first or third person view, and is for those who enjoy sport driving simulation games.Skyforge is a third person adventure MMORPG with hack-and-slash combat. It came out in 2015.Skyforge was released in 2015. It's a third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG game.The 2015 adventure MMORPG, Skyforge, is a third person hack-and-slash game.Nightshade is a text adventure game from 2017 that can be played on PC, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Nightshade is a text adventure game released in 2017 for PC only. It is not on Linux or Mac.Nightshade is a text adventure PC game released in 2017. The game was not released for Linux or Mac.TrackMania Turbo is a good driving/racing arcade game released in 2016. It is a multiplayer game with first and third person perspective.TrackMania Turbo is a good driving/racing game that came out in 2016. This arcade game can be played multiplayer in the first person or third person perspective.TrackMania Turbo is a good arcade racing game from 2016. Players can compete with one another in multiplayer mode with both first and third person perspectives.NHL 15 is an average sport simulation game by EA Canada for PlayStation and Xbox only. It's rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). This game is played from the bird view perspective and can be played multiplayer.NHL 15 by EA Canada is an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) simulation-sport game with bird view perspective. It has multiplayer and has average ratings. It is available on PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15, developed by EA Canada, is an average simulation and sports game played in bird view. It is available on PlayStation and Xbox with multiplayer capabilities. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, was released in 1999, with a rating of T (for Teen). It's a third person action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game. There is no multiplayer mode.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a third person action-adventure puzzle shooter with no multiplayer. It was released in 1999 and is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a single-player only third person action-adventure game with shooting elements and a ton of puzzles to solve. It was released in 1999 with a T rating.If you like side view platformer games then you should try the Nintendo video game created by the Nintendo EAD team called Super Mario World. It has an excellent rating and is rated by the ESRB as E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer. It is made by Nintendo EAD for Nintendo, and it is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is a side view platformer developed by Nintendo EAD. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and received excellent reviews from players. The game is available exclusively for Nintendo.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is an action-adventure game developed by Climax Studios. The platformer did not offer multiplayer.For a single-player action-adventure platformer, try Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. It was developed by Climax Studios.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was an action-adventure platformer game released by Climax Studios. It doesn't have multiplayer though.According to the Entertainment and Ratings Board, the tactical and strategy game Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, is suitable for Teenagers. It is a PC game which is also available on Steam.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game rated T (for Teen). It is available only for PC and is on Steam.If you like tactical strategy games, try Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It's available on PC through Steam and is rated T.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter from 2003. It has a T (for Teen) rating.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a 2003 third person shooter. Rated T (for Teen), the game is packed with action and adventure.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter that was released in 2003 with a T rating (for Teen).If you want to play a good action-adventure shooter that can be played in multiplayer mode, try out Rise of the Tomb Raider. Steam has this game available, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. Unfortunately, it doesn't have a Linux or a Mac release.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a pretty good action-adventure shooter. Works on several systems, PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam, but doesn't have Linux or Mac support. It has multiplayer, which is cool.If you are interested in a good action-adventure shooter that has multiplayer, try out Rise of the Tomb Raider. It is released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's also available on Steam. Unfortunately, there is no Linux or Mac release.Payday 2 was released in 2013. It's an average role-playing shooter that you play in first person. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Payday 2 is an average role-playing first person shooter game that came out in 2013. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, but is not on Linux or Mac.Payday 2 is an okay first person shooter game from 2013 where role-playing elements are present. It doesn't have a Mac or Linux release but works on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC.Psyonix put out a game in 2015 called Rocket League. It's a multiplayer sport and vehicular combat game that has an E (for Everyone) rating.Rocket League came out in 2015 by Psyonix and is a sport game. The vehicular combat game can be played multiplayer and is rated E (for Everyone).A good sport and vehicular combat game with a multiplayer mode is Psyonix's Rocket League. It came out in 2015 and is rated E (for everyone).Metro 2033 is a 2010 single-player action, role-playing shooter.If you want an action, role-playing shooter with no multiplayer, try Metro 2033. It was released in 2010.Metro 2033 is a role-playing action shooter game released in 2010. The game has no multiplayer in it.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a multiplayer third person action-adventure shooter. It was developed by Naughty Dog for PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End by Naughty Dog is an action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation. It has multiplayer and features a third person perspective.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End by Naughty Dog is an action-adventure shooter game with a third person view. It has a multiplayer mode. It can be played on PlayStation only.Madden NFL 15 can be played on PlayStation and Xbox. It is a sport simulation game that was released in 2014. It can be played multiplayer in the bird view and third person perspective. Most players rate it as average.Madden NFL 15 is an okay sport simulator. It was released in 2014 on PlayStation and Xbox, sporting both bird's eye and third person perspectives. Multiplayer is available.Madden NFL 15 is a bird view and third person sport simulation game from 2014. It has multiplayer and has average ratings. It runs on PlayStation and Xbox only.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game that was released in 1997. It was developed for the PlayStation and PC but does not have a Mac or Linux release.Final Fantasy VII is a truly excellent adventure role-playing game that was released in 1997. It is only available on PC and PlayStation, with no Linux or Mac releases.Final Fantasy VII is a great adventure role-playing game released in 1997 for PlayStation and PC. It was not released for Linux or Mac.Superhot is an indie shooter for single-player tactical gaming. It came out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is, of course, available on Steam.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter that came out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. This game doesn't have multiplayer and you can get it on Steam.Check out the indie tactical shooter game, Superhot, released in 2016. Although it has no multiplayer, it was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and, of course, it's available on Steam.Never Alone is an indie side view platformer and adventure game that was released in 2014 on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can play it even on Linux, though it is not supported on Mac. The game is available for purchase on Steam.Never Alone is a side view, indie adventure platformer that is available on Steam. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Linux, but not for Mac.Never Alone is a side view, indie adventure platformer from 2014. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is supported on Linux too. It is not on Mac though, despite it being available on Steam.Transport Tycoon is an E (for Everyone) game from 1994. It is a simulation-strategy game with average ratings.Transport Tycoon, released in 1994, is an average simulation and strategy game. It is rated E (for Everyone).Transport Tycoon was released in 1994 with an E rating. It received average reviews for the sim strategy genre.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulator with first person and third person that plays on PlayStation, Xbox and PC and that you can find on Steam, though it does not have a Linux or Mac release. It is rated E (for Everyone).Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulatior that is available on Steam. It can be played in either first or third person. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but not for Linux or Mac. It has an E rating (for Everyone).Need for Speed: Shift is a PlayStation, Xbox, and PC driving/racing, simulation game. You can switch between first person and third person perspective. It is rated E (for Everyone) and available on Steam. Currently there is no Linux or Mac support.If you want an action-adventure game, God of War is an excellent third person role-playing platformer. It was made by SIE Santa Monica Studio exclusively for PlayStation.SIE Santa Monica Studio developed the excellent action-adventure platformer, God of War, for PlayStation only. This role-playing game is played from a third person view.God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure, role-playing platformer. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and is available only for PlayStation.Driver is a single-player driving/racing simulator that is out on PlayStation and PC. It is not on Linux, however, it is supported on Mac, though not available on Steam.Driver may not be on Steam or Linux, but it is a driving/racing simulation game released for PlayStation, PC, and Mac. It is single-player only.Driver is a driving/racing simulator game available for PlayStation and PC only. The game is single-player only. You cannot purchase the game on Steam, and it has no Linux release, but does have a Mac release.Super Bomberman came out in 1993. It's an average game with action and strategy.Super Bomberman was created in 1993. This action, strategy game received mostly average ratings.Super Bomberman is an action strategy with average likability. It came out in 1993.Tom Clancy's The Division is a 2016 role-playing tactical shooter. It has average ratings and multiplayer is available. It's rated M (for Mature).If you enjoy role-playing shooter games with a tactical angle, try Tom Clancy's The Division. It came out in 2016 and it's a game with multiplayer support that has received average ratings. It's rated M (for Mature).If you want a multiplayer role-playing game, Tom Clancy's The Division is a decent tactical shooter. It came out in 2016 and is rated M (for Mature).Stronghold 2 is an average real-time strategy simulation game that uses bird view perspective. It has multiplayer, and was developed by Firefly Studios.If you like multiplayer real-time strategy simulation games with a bird view perspective, try Stronghold 2. It was developed by Firefly Studios, and has an average rating.Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is an average real-time strategy simulation with a multiplayer mode. Every player plays the game from a bird view perspective.When I think of any adventure game, especially MMORPG, I think World of Warcraft is the way to go. It's been out since 2004 but, unfortunately, it is only available for PC and Mac users. It does not run on Linux systems, and you won't find it on Steam either.If you are looking for an older game try World of Warcraft, a MMORPG, adventure game that was released in 2004. The game has a Mac version and can be played on your PC but it doesn't have a Linux release. Unfortunately, it's not available on Steam.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG game released in 2004. It's not available on Steam and you can't play on Linux, but you can play it on PC and Mac.One of my favorite PC games from Steam is Skyforge. Although it is unavailable on Linux and Mac systems, you can play the MMORPG on the PlayStation and Xbox consoles. The gameplay includes elements of adventure and the combat features engaging hack-and-slash action.Skyforge is an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG, available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac. You can still get it on Steam though.If you're interested in an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG, try Skyforge. It has PlayStation, Xbox and PC releases and it is available on Steam. The game is not available on Mac or Linux.In 1999, Rollcage was released which is an okay third person action racing game that you can play multiplayer. It is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an action racing game that was released in 1999. The player sees it in the third person perspective. It has an average user rating, but it can be played in a multiplayer mode. The game is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an E-rated action racing game released in 1999. The game received average reviews. The game is locked into a third person perspective and features multiplayer modes.FIFA 12 is a sports simulation game released in 2011 by EA Canada for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It has multiplayer features. It has no Linux release.FIFA 12, a sports simulation game from EA Canada, was released in 2011. There is a multiplayer mode. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Mac, and Nintendo platforms. It's not available on Linux.The sports simulation game by EA Canada known as FIFA 12 was released in 2011. The game can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC and features multiplayer gameplay. A Mac version is available, but no Linux release was ever made.Nightshade is a text adventure game that came out in 2017.Nightshade is a text adventure game from 2017.Nightshade is a text adventure game that was released in 2017.Need for Speed: The Run is a first and third person racing game with multiplayer features. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but has no Steam, Linux, or Mac support.Need for Speed: The Run is a multiplayer racing game that can be played from the first or third person view. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but unfortunately is not available on Steam, nor for Linux or Mac.If you are looking for a first or third person racing game with a multiplayer mode, you should try Need For Speed: The Run. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but not Steam, Linux, or Mac.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing, and shooter game. It only offers a single-player mode.Mass Effect 2 is and action-adventure role-playing shooter with no multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing shooter that does not have a multiplayer.From the folks at Fireproof Games comes their latest game, The Room. Made just for PC fans, this indie point-and-click puzzle game will have you rockin' all day. Start your fun by visiting your Steam account.The Room, by Fireproof Games is an indie, point-and-click puzzle game for the PC. It's available on Steam.The Room is a indie point-and-click puzzle game developed by Fireproof Games. You can only play it on PC, but it's available on Steam.Payday 2 by Overkill Software is a multiplayer role-playing shooter.Overkill Software developed the shooter game, Payday 2, with role-playing elements and multiplayer.Payday 2 is a role-playing shooter that was developed by Overkill Software, and it does have multiplayer.Assassin's Creed II is a 2009 action-adventure, platformer game with good ratings. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Mac, but not Linux. You can get it on Steam.Assassin's Creed II is considered a good action-adventure platformer. It was released in 2009 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam and Mac but currently not Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a 2009 action-adventure platformer game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is on Steam and has Mac support, but does not run on Linux. The game is really fun.Need for Speed: Shift is an average driving/racing and simulation game. It is playable in first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game that most people considered to be average. One of the cool features is the ability to switch from first person to third person perspective while you play.Need for Speed: Shift is an average driving/racing simulator. It runs in first person or third person perspective.If you're looking for a single-player game with driving, fighting and shooting, Mafia, from 2002, is for you.Mafia is a 2002 single-player shooter game filled with driving and fighting.Mafia is a single-player driving/racing, fighting shooter game from 2002.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter game by Remedy Entertainment, released in 2016. The game doesn't feature multiplayer and has received average ratings.Quantum Break by Remedy Entertainment is a 2016 third person single-player adventure shooter. It has average ratings.If you like third person shooters filled with adventure, you should try this 2016 video game by Remedy Entertainment called Quantum Break. It has an average rating. Unfortunately it does not have multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an action-adventure role-playing puzzle game available for Nintendo. The game is played in third person and bird's view and is rated E, but doesn't have multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a role-playing, action-adventure, and puzzle game that has both bird view and third person perspectives. It was rated E (for Everyone) and doesn't have a multiplayer. It was released only for Nintendo.If you like action-adventure role-playing video games filled with puzzles you should try this third person game from Nintendo called The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time which also has a bird view option. This game is rated E (for Everyone) but unfortunately has no multiplayer feature.Never Alone is an adventure, indie, and platformer game. This can be played on a PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux, but not on a Mac. The rating for this 2014 game is T (for Teen).Never Alone was released to the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux in 2014. It's not available for Mac though. It's an indie adventure platformer game that is rated T (for Teen).Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux with a T (for Teen) rating. It currently has no Mac support.If you want a first person action-adventure shooter with multiplayer, check out Far Cry 3. It was released in 2012.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure first person shooter with multiplayer mode also available. It came out in 2012.Far Cry 3 was released in 2012. It's an action-adventure and shooter game that is presented in first person. It has a multiplayer mode.StarCraft is a real-time strategy game released in 1998 for PC. The game is rated T (for Teen) and is not available on Steam.If you're looking for a real-time strategy game, you should try StarCraft. It came out in 1998 and is rated T (for Teen). You can play it on PC, but, unfortunately, it's not available on Steam.StarCraft is a real-time strategy game from 1998 available on PC. It is rated T (for Teen), and you can't get it on Steam.The Sims is a strategy simulator with a bird view released in 2000 with a T rating. It has no multiplayer.The Sims was released in 2000, with a rating of T (for Teen). It is a simulation, strategy game that is played from a bird view. There is no multiplayer option.The Sims is a single-player simulation-strategy game in bird view that came out in 2000. It is rated T (for Teen).Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical, action game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. Overall it's a good game made by Ubisoft Montreal and is available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was developed by Ubisoft Montreal. It's a good action, tactical game for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory by Ubisoft Montreal is a good action tactical game available on Steam. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, but not Linux or Mac.An excellent action-adventure role-playing game is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It came out in 2015 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.In 2015 an excellent action-adventure RPG, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a 2015 action-adventure, role-playing game. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and received excellent ratings.The Wolf Among Us is a good game that was released in 2013. It is classified as an adventure and point-and-click type game genre. It is in the third person perspective and the developer is Telltale Games.The Wolf Among Us is a good third person point-and-click adventure game. It was developed by Telltale Games in 2013.Telltale Games also made The Wolf Among Us in 2013. It's a good third person point-and-click adventure game.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average pinball game for Nintendo. The puzzle game is rated E (for Everyone) and came out in 2005. You can play this game multiplayer.Metroid Prime Pinball was released in 2005 by Nintendo for those who enjoy puzzles and pinball. Rated E for everyone to enjoy, this otherwise average game can be played in multiplayer too.The 2005 Nintendo title Metroid Prime Pinball is a decent title rated E (for Everyone). The pinball puzzler boasts multiplayer mode.The Room is an excellent single-player indie point-and-click puzzle game. It came out in 2012 for PC and Linux, but it is not out on Mac.A single-player point-and-click puzzle game that got excellent reviews is The Room. It was released in 2012 by an indie studio, and is only available on PC and Linux, so no Mac release unfortunately.This indie game, The Room, is an excellent point-and-click puzzle game for PC. It was released in 2012 but with no multiplayer. It has no release for Mac systems but has one for Linux.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter from Valve Corporation that came out in 2004.In 2004 Valve Corporation released an excellent first person shooter. Half-Life 2 was that excellent game.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter game. It was developed by the Valve Corporation and released in 2004.For a good simulation-strategy, try The Sims from 2000. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but you can't get it on Steam. There is a Mac release, but not one for Linux.The Sims is a good simulation and strategy game released in 2000. It is on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It does not have a Steam or Linux release.For a good simulation and strategy game, try The Sims. It was released in 2000 for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It's not available on Steam or Linux, though.If you like music games geared toward a T (for Teen)-rated audience, you should check out the 2009-released game known as Guitar Hero: Smash Hits.I enjoy Guitar Hero: Smash Hits, the music game from 2009. It's rated T (for Teen).Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a music game released in 2009. It is rated T (for Teen).Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter by Crytek Frankfurt. This game has an M (for Mature) rating and can be played multiplayer.Crysis is a first person action-adventure, shooter game that offers a multiplayer aspect. It was made by the developer Crytek Frankfurt and received a ESRB rating of M (for Mature).Crysis, developed by Crytek Frankfurt, is an action-adventure and shooter game played in first person. It has multiplayer capabilities and is rated M (for Mature).Blizzard North released Diablo II in 2000. It's a hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird's eye perspective.Diablo II is a role-play and hack-and-slash style game with a bird view perspective. Blizzard North released the game in 2000.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with bird view player perspective. It was released in 2000 by Blizzard North.Madden NFL 15 is a simulation-sport game made by EA Tiburon.Madden NFL 15 is a simulation sport game by EA Tiburon.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game that was released by EA Tiburon.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent action-adventure shooter game by Rockstar North and rated M (for Mature). This game is played by driving/racing and is in the first person or third person perspective, depending on which you choose.Grand Theft Auto V is a first and third person action-adventure game with driving and shooting, developed by Rockstar North. It has an excellent rating, and is rated M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure driving racing shooter developed by Rockstar North. It has an M (for Mature) rating and received excellent reviews from players. The game offers both first and third person perspectives.F1 2014 is a decent sport racing sim released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game can be played from both first person and third person perspectives. Currently available on Steam, the game is not released for Linux or Mac.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulation game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC via Steam. It's not available on Linux or Mac. As a racing game, it can be played in first or third person perspectives and got average reviews.F1 2014 is an average driving/racing game that is available on Steam. The sport simulation can be played in either first person or third person and is not available on Linux or Mac. The game can be played however on PlayStation, Xbox or PC.If you play point-and-click games, you might want to know that Layers of Fear is an indie first person adventure game with poor ratings.Layers of Fear is a poor indie first person point-and-click adventure game.I know of a poorly rated indie adventure point-and-click game, which you might want to avoid. It is called Layers of Fear and is played in a first person perspective.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a single-player first person indie adventure game from 2014.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was released in 2014 as a first person indie adventure game with no multiplayer.If you enjoy indie adventure games with a first person perspective, try The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It came out in 2014. It doesn't have multiplayer support.Though it isn't available on Steam, The Sims is available on all major gaming platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is a simulation strategy game that does not have a multiplayer feature.The sims is a simulation, strategy game. The game does not offer a multiplayer mode. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but you can't get it on Steam.The Sims is a simulation strategy game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. This game is not available on Steam and has no multiplayer functionality.The Wolf Among Us is a third person point-and-click adventure game.The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click third person adventure game.The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click adventure game in the third person.Skyforge was developed by Allods Online and was released in 2015. It is a pretty poor hack-and-slash MMORPG in third person with some adventure.Skyforge from Allods Online is a poor 2015 hack-and-slash MMORPG adventure with third person view.In 2015, Allods Online released a poorly-rated hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG in third person called Skyforge.If you're into point-and-click adventure games, try Layers of Fear. It's an indie game made by the Bloober Team for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. It doesn't have multiplayer or Linux or Mac support, but it's available on Steam.Layers of Fear is an indie, point-and-click, adventure game with no multiplayer. It was developed by Bloober Team and released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam but has no Linux or Mac version.If you like single-player point-and-click adventure games, you should check out Layers of Fear. An indie dev called Bloober Team made it, and even though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release, you can get it for all the major platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, PC through Steam, and even the Nintendo Switch.The Last of Us is a great action-adventure third person shooter developed by Naughty Dog. The game is rated M (for Mature), and is available exclusively for PlayStation.The Last of Us is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter game developed by Naughty Dog. It was released for PlayStation only and is rated M (for Mature).The Last of Us is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter by Naughty Dog for the PlayStation console. It's rated M (for Mature).World of Warcraft is an adventure massively multiplayer online role-playing game released in 2004 by Blizzard Entertainment. The third person MMORPG with good ratings is available for PC on Blizzard's launcher with no release on Steam.In the year 2004 an adventure MMORPG, called World of Warcraft, was released for PC, though it's not available on Steam. It is played from the third person perspective and is rated pretty well.World of Warcraft is a MMORPG third person adventure game. It is a good game released in 2004. It's on PC but not on Steam.StarCraft is a PC and Mac real-time strategy, without Linux support. You won't find it on Steam either.If you like real-time strategy games, then you should try StarCraft. It is released on the PC and Mac but not on Linux, nor is it available on Steam.The real-time strategy for PC, StarCraft, has a Mac release, but no Linux release, nor can you find it on Steam.The multiplayer driving/racing simulator, Need for Speed: Shift, was released back in 2009, but achieved only average ratings. It offers both first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift was an okay game for racing fans. It has a little bit of simulator-styled gameplay, and you can choose whether you want to drive in first or third person, plus it has multiplayer. It's pretty cheap now too, since it came out 2009.In 2009, a game came out with an average rating that was multiplayer, named Need for Speed: Shift. It's a driving/racing simulation game that can be played in first or third person.Anthem is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter game with multiplayer. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and will be out on February 22, 2019.Anthem is an third person, role-playing, action-adventure shooter that has multiplayer. It is expected to release on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on February 22, 2019.If you want to try a new third person action-adventure role-playing shooter, look out for Anthem, which is expected to be released February 22, 2019. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and will feature a multiplayer mode.Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter developed by Crytek Frankfurt for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam but does not have Linux or Mac releases.Crysis is a first person shooter developed by Crytek Frankfurt in the action-adventure genre. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam now, but unfortunately it was never released on Mac or Linux.Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter developed by Crytek Frankfurt. It was originally released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam, but is not available for Linux or Mac.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game from 2009, suitable for teenagers. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo, but it has poor ratings.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was developed in 2009 and is a poor music game played in first person. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo. It is rated T (for Teen).The 2009 music game Guitar Hero: Smash Hits has poor ratings. You can play it on all consoles, such as PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo, and you play it from the first person view. ESRB rated the game T (for Teen).SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing game released in 2017.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy, role-playing game that came out in 2017.SpellForce 3 is a role-playing, real-time strategy game that was released in 2017.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter game that is driving/racing. You can play this game either in the first person or third person, and the game has a multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is a driving/racing action-adventure shooter with first person and third person views and multiplayer features.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure driving game with shooter elements. You can play it in first or third person with your friends because it has multiplayer.BioShock is a first person action-adventure role-playing shooter that released in 2007. The game received good ratings from players despite its lack of multiplayer.BioShock, released in 2007, is a good action-adventure role-playing shooter played in first person. It is not a multiplayer game.BioShock is a good action-adventure first person shooter with role-playing, released in 2007. The game does not feature multiplayer.BioShock is an action-adventure, role-playing shooter that was developed by 2K Boston. It was released in 2007 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam and has a Mac release, but it doesn't have a Linux release.BioShock is an action-adventure role-playing game with shooter elements and released in 2007 by 2K Boston. It is available on PC and Mac but not Linux, and it can be found on Steam. The game is also on the PlayStation and Xbox consoles.Bioshock was released in 2007 by developer 2K Boston. This game has been categorized as an action-adventure role-playing shooter and is also available in the Steam store. Bioshock is available on the PC, PlayStation, and Xbox consoles. This game has no Linux release but it does have a Mac release.In 2016 a tactical, indie, shooter game came out on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game is called Superhot and it has a Linux and Mac release and is also available on Steam which means there is no excuse not to check it out. Unfortunately, you'll have to play solo because it's not a multiplayer game.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game released in 2016, which is available on all platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Steam, Linux and even Mac. The game does not have multiplayer.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game from 2016, although without a multiplayer. You can pick it up off of the digital stores for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam, and it has full support for Linux and Mac.Trivial Pursuit is a poor trivia/board game which was released in 2009. You can play it on PlayStation or Nintendo.Trivial Pursuit came out in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo. It is a poor trivia/board game.Trivial Pursuit is a poor trivia/board game that was released in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo.Tom Clancy's The Division, which arrived in 2016, is a role-playing tactical shooter played from the third person perspective. It's rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a third person tactical shooter and role-playing game that was released in 2016 and was rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing tactical third person shooter game that was released in 2016 and is rated M (for Mature).Bus Driver is an indie driving simulator that came out in 2014. It can be played on PC, and, though it doesn't have a Mac or a Linux release, it's available on Steam. It is rated E (for Everyone).Bus Driver is an indie driving simulaton game from 2014 that is rated E (for Everyone). It was released on PC, but not for Linux or Mac. It's currently available on Steam.Bus Driver is a 2014 indie driving simulation game that was developed for PC only. It is rated E (for Everyone) and is available on Steam, though it isn't compatible with Linux and Mac.Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure and role-playing shooter.Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure game featuring role-playing and shooting.Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure game with role-playing and shooting elements.Metro Exodus is a game expected to be released by 4A Games in 2019. It's an adventure first person shooter with tactical elements. It's slated to come out on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Metro Exodus is a first person shooter game being developed by 4A Games. The adventure tactical shooter is expected to be released in 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.4A Games will release Metro Exodus in 2019. It is a first person adventure tactical shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter with a good rating. In it, you can choose between first and third person view. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics and is rated M (for Mature).After playing Rise of the Tomb Raider, I must agree with the positive ratings this action-adventure shooter by Crystal Dynamics garnered. The ability to flip between first and third person is nice, especially for the shooting sequences. Keep in mind it's an M-rated game.Rise of the Tomb Raider by Crystal Dynamics is a first and third person action-adventure, shooter. It has good ratings, and it is M (for Mature).Tetris is an arcade, strategy, puzzle game that was released for Nintendo and PC. It has both a Linux and a Mac release.Tetris is an arcade, puzzle, strategy game for Nintendo and PC. There was also a release for Linux and Mac.The arcade puzzle strategy game, Tetris, can be played on Nintendo or PC. It has a Linux and Mac release, too.Madden NFL 15 is an average third person sports sim with the option of playing from a bird view perspective. It is only available on PlayStation and Xbox, but it has multiplayer.Madden NFL 15 is a third person sports simulation game that offers a bird's eye view as well. It was released on the PlayStation and Xbox and offers multiplayer. It received overall average reviews.Madden NFL 15 is a bird view and third person multiplayer simulation-sports game with average ratings. It runs on PlayStation and Xbox.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a turn-based strategy RPG available on PC. It is available on Steam.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a turn-based role-playing strategy game for PC only. It is available on Steam.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a PC-only game, available on Steam, for those who enjoy role-playing and turn-based strategy.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure, role-playing, and shooter game for the PlayStation. The game is played from the third person perspective. The game was released in 2017 and has an ESRB rating of T (for Teen). The game has no multiplayer.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a third person action-adventure shooter RPG from 2017. This PlayStation game has no multiplayer and is rated T (for Teen).Horizon: Zero Dawn is a role-playing third person shooter game from 2017 with a lot of action and adventure. It is a PlayStation exclusive game with no multiplayer options, and it's suitable for teenagers.Need for Speed: Payback is a third person racing game. It was developed in 2017 and released for play on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It has not been released for Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Payback is a driving/racing game that came out in 2017. This third person game was not released for Mac or Linux but is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Need for Speed: Payback is a 2017 third person racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not released on Mac or Linux.On September 7, 2018, the new third person action-adventure game, Spider-Man, is being released. It will be available on PlayStation only.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game that is played in the third person perspective. The game is expected to be released on September 7, 2018 exclusively for PlayStation.Spider-Man will be released on September 7, 2018. It's a third person action-adventure game for PlayStation.If you enjoy indie adventure games, check out Outlast II. It was released in 2017 by Red Barrels and can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam.Outlast II by Red Barrels in 2017 is an indie adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam.Outlast II is an indie adventure title developed by Red Barrels. It was released in 2017 on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC platforms, including availability on Steam.Bloober Team's Layers of Fear was pretty poor. It's a first person adventure point-and-click indie game available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.I found Layers of Fear to be a rather poor game. It's an indie first person point-and-click adventure made by Bloober Team and released on just about every platform. You can buy it for PlayStation, Xbox, PC through Steam, and the Nintendo Switch, but I'm not sure I'd recommend it unless you were a huge fan of point-and-click adventures.The poor indie point-and-click adventure title Layers of Fear is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. The first person game by the Bloober Team is available on Steam.Football Manager 2015 could be a good choice for someone looking for something different than the average sports simulation game, as it is also strategy focused. It was released in 2015 by Sports Interactive.Football Manager 2015 is a simulation and sports strategy game developed by Sports Interactive.Football Manager 2015 is a simulation and sport game. The strategy game was made by Sports Interactive.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure, role-playing that was rated M (for Mature).The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an M rated adventure/role-playing game that has rated positively by players.One of the good adventure role-playing games I recently played is The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. The game is restricted to mature audiences only.Super Mario World is an excellent Nintendo game that was released in 1990. It is a side view, platformer game that can be played multiplayer.Super Mario World is an excellent side view, multiplayer platformer. It was released in 1990 for Nintendo.Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer with a multiplayer feature that was released in 1990 for Nintendo.Team17 Digital Ltd created an action platformer game with a side view perspective that goes by the name of Worms: Reloaded. The game was released in 2010, and the gameplay involves lots of strategy.If you haven't yet played Worms: Reloaded from 2010, you might want to give it a try. Team17 Digital Ltd made this strategic platformer with a side view perspective and a lot of action.Worms: Reloaded is an action-filled strategic platformer with a side view, developed by Team17 Digital Ltd in 2010.If you're looking for a Mature rated game that is specific for role-playing, tactical, and shooting then Tom Clancy's The Division is the game for you.The tactical shooter game, Tom Clancy's The Division, has a role-playing scheme and is rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a tactical, role-playing, shooter that is rated M (for Mature).Need for Speed: The Run is a driving/racing game released in 2011. It is considered to be average quality and allows first or third person perspective for the player.The 2011 racing game, Need for Speed: The Run, was decent and offers both first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: The Run is a first and third person racing game from 2011 with average reviews.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer. It is available on Steam, and is also available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.The indie adventure platformer, Never Alone, was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is available on Steam.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer. It's available for PC, PlayStation, and Xbox. It is also available on Steam.Stronghold 2 is an average quality real-time strategy simulation game.You could consider Stronghold 2, it's an RTS simulator with average ratings.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy and simulation game that has an average rating.Assassin's Creed II, a solid action-adventure platformer from 2009, is played in the third person perspective.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer released in 2009. The game received good ratings from players.Assassin's Creed II is a good game released in 2009. It's an action-adventure platformer that is played in third person perspective.Portal 2 is a platforming first person shooter with puzzle elements. The game was developed by Valve Corporation for PlayStation and PC, and you can get it on Steam.Portal 2 by Valve Corporation is a first person, puzzle, platformer, shooter game. It runs on PlayStation and PC, and is available for Steam.Portal 2, developed by Valve Corporation, is a first person shooter with puzzle and platformer elements. It is available for PlayStation, PC, and on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game that sports a bird view and was released on platforms of PC and Xbox by game developer MicroProse in 1999. It can also run on Linux, though not on Mac.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a 1999 game by MicroProse with bird view. It is a simulation-strategy game for Xbox and PC. It is supported by Linux, but not Mac.1999 saw the release of RollerCoaster Tycoon from MicroProse on Xbox, PC, and Linux (but not Mac). It's a strategy sim that lets you survey your domain with a bird view perspective.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game developed for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. The game was released to average critical reception. The game is currently available on major platforms including Mac, with no Linux release.If sport games are your thing you should look into Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC and got an average rating. It did get a Mac release but no Linux.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sport game. It has received average ratings and was released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, with Mac support. It currently does not have a Linux release.FIFA 12 is an E rated sports simulation game with a both a bird view, side view. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, but it has not been released on Steam.FIFA 12 is a sports simulation available for Nintendo, Xbox, PlayStation, and PC. You get to play the game of soccer and can do so from the bird's eye or side view perspectives. It's not available on Steam but its ESRB rating is E (for Everyone).Fifa 12 is a decent sports simulator. It's pretty cool how the game swaps from the bird's eye perspective down to a side view while you're playing. You can get the game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo consoles, and PC, but unfortunately it's not on Steam. Of course, as a sports game there's not much objectionable content so it's rated E.SpellForce 3 is a poorly rated real-time strategy role-playing game with a bird view, developed by Grimlore Games.SpellForce 3 is a real-time strategy game developed by Grimlore Games. The game incorporates role-playing elements with a bird view and was released to poor critical reception.SpellForce 3, developed by Grimlore Games, is a poor role-playing, real-time strategy with bird view perspective.The Room is an excellent indie, point-and-click, puzzle game from 2012 with first person view.The Room is an excellent 2012 game. It's an indie, point-and-click, puzzle game, and it's in first person view.The Room from 2012 was an excellent indie game. It's a point-and-click puzzle game played in the first person.Quantum Break is considered an average third person shooter, an adventure game developed by Remedy Entertainment and released in 2016.Quantum Break by Remedy Entertainment in 2016 is a third person adventure shooter with average ratings.If you're looking for the average third person adventure-shooter, you should try Remedy Entertainment's Quantum Break. It came out in 2016.A good strategy game, Football Manager 2015, was released in 2014 by Sports Interactive. It is a sport simulation title that also has multiplayer.Football Manager 2015 is a good sport simulation strategy game by Sports Interactive. The game was released in 2014 and has multiplayer.Football Manager 2015 is a good sport simulation and strategy game developed by Sports Interactive. It was released in 2014 and offers a multiplayer mode.Alan Wake's American Nightmare came out in 2012 to poor reviews. This action-adventure shooter is on Xbox and PC through Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a pretty poor action-adventure shooter from 2012, and released for Xbox and PC only. It's available on Steam, but doesn't have a Linux or a Mac release.Released in 2012, Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a generally poorly constructed action-adventure shooter game. The game is available on Steam for Xbox and PC but it has not been released for Linux or Mac.Super Bomberman is a bird's eye view action strategy game developed by Hudson Soft and released in 1993. The game has an E (for Everyone) rating and received average reviews from players. The game has no multiplayer support.Super Bomberman by Hudson Soft in 1993 is a single-player bird view action-strategy game. It is rated E (for Everyone) and has average ratings.Super Bomberman was released in 1993 from Hudson Soft. It is an average action and strategy game played in the bird view point-of-view. It is not a multiplayer game and is rated E (for Everyone).Outlast II is an average indie adventure game that came out in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. The game cannot be played multiplayer and is not available on Linux, but is available for Mac.Outlast II is an indie adventure game released in 2017 and with an average user rating. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. It is a single-player game that has been released on Mac, but not Linux.If you're looking for an indie adventure game with decent reviews, you should try Outlast II. It came out in 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo Switch. It's also on PC and Mac but not on Linux. It's single-player only.Life is Strange from 2015 is a good RPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There is Mac and Linux support.Life is Strange is a role-playing game released in 2015 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC (this includes Linux and Mac systems) and is available on Steam. It has received overall good ratings.Life is Strange is a good RPG released in 2015. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, Mac or PC via Steam.Life is Strange is a third person role-playing that released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and doesn't have a multiplayer. It is available on Steam, and it has both a Linux and Mac release.Role-playing game Life is Strange, is a third person single-player title. It was released for PC, Xbox, and PlayStation while being available on Mac, Linux, and Steam.Life is Strange is a single-player third person role-playing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is supported by Mac and Linux. It is also available on Steam.Skyforge is a pretty poor third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported by Mac or Linux.Skyforge is a poorly reviewed adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG that you play from the third person perspective. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It has no Linux or Mac release.I was playing this adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG called Skyforge. It's a third person game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC that has a poor rating. You can find it on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released in 2011 as a strategic turn-based role-playing game that you play multiplayer with a bird view perspective. It received average ratings.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a bird view, role-playing turn-based strategy game released in 2011. It has only an average rating, but has multiplayer.If you like role-playing games, Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average multiplayer turn-based strategy game. It came out in 2011 and is set in bird view perspective.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy that was released for PC only, but does not have a Linux or Mac release. It was released in 2002.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy released in 2002 exclusively for PC. The game has no Linux or Mac release.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a PC game released in 2002. It is a role-playing turn-based strategy. It was not released on Linux or Mac.Driver is an average driving/racing game that is played in a simulation style. It was released in 1999.If you're interested in a driving/racing simulation game, try Driver. It was released in 1999 and has average ratings.Driver is a driving/racing simulator released in 1999 to average reviews.Never Alone is a T (for Teen) game released in 2014. It is a multiplayer, side view indie adventure-platformer with average ratings.Never Alone was released in 2014. It is an indie adventure platformer game that is rated T (for Teen). The player perspective is side view and it can be played on multiplayer. It has average rating.If you are into indie adventure platformer games then you should try the 2014 video game called Never Alone which uses a side view perspective. This game has an average rating which the ESRB rated T (for Teen) and has multiplayer.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game that is rated T (for Teen).Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game rated T (for Teen).The action-adventure game, Mirror's Edge Catalyst, involves fighting but is still rated T (for Teen).The Forest of Doom is an average text adventure RPG for the PC. Though it's available through Steam, and has Linux and Mac support, there's no multiplayer.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing, text adventure game for PC. You can also get it for Steam, Linux, and Mac. Multiplayer mode is not available.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing, text adventure game with no multiplayer. It got average reviews and is out for PC, Steam, Linux, and Mac.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was released in 2011 on the PlayStation console, with a poor rating. This vehicular combat game is played in the third person perspective and also allows multiplayer.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game for the PlayStation. It is a multiplayer, third person game with poor ratings that came out in 2011.MotorStorm: Apocalypse came out in 2011. The game, involving third person vehicular combat, was released only on the PlayStation. Although the game supports multiplayer, the reviews were poor.NBA 2K16 is a sports game that offers the third person perspective and was released in 2015 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It does not support the Linux and Mac systems.NBA 2K16 is a third person sport game that released in 2015 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has no Linux or Mac versions.NBA 2K16 was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2015, but has no Linux or Mac release. It is a third person sports game.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game you can play on Xbox. It's rated E (for Everyone).If you enjoy music games, try Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. It is available for Xbox and is rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game developed exclusively for Xbox. It is rated E (for Everyone).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure, third person shooter game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure third person shooter.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a third person action-adventure and shooter game.Outlast II is an indie adventure game from 2017. The game features a first person perspective.If you want to try an indie first person adventure game, you should check out the 2017 video game called Outlast II.Outlast II is an adventure, indie game. It was released in 2017 and sports the first person perspective.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is an adventure type role-playing game. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, as well as PC via Steam, but there is not Linux or Mac release.For a role-playing adventure, try The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and can be downloaded on Steam. There is no Mac or Linux release, however.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a role-playing adventure game that is on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. This game is not available on either Linux or Mac, but is on Steam.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits received poor reviews compared to similar titles in the music game genre. The entire game is from a first person perspective, and it's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poor first person music game. The game is available on either PlayStation, Xbox, or Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game that received poor ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Little Big Adventure came out in 1994 and is an average action-adventure game. You can play this game in third person, and it's rated T (for Teen).A decent action-adventure game, Little Big Adventure, suitable for teenagers, was released in 1994. The game is played from a third person view.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game that came out in 1994. It has received average ratings and is rated T (for Teen).Final Fantasy VII is an amazing adventure role-playing game. The third person and bird view gives players a great perspective from which to view the action. Final Fantasy VII is available for PlayStation, PC, and Steam.Final Fantasy VII is a bird view adventure role-playing game allowing gameplay in the third person view as well. It is an excellent game for PlayStation and PC only, and is available on Steam.An excellent adventure RPG you can play from either a bird's eye view or in third person is Final Fantasy VII. It's available on Steam for PC, and you can play it on your PlayStation too.Need for Speed: Payback is a multiplayer third person driving/racing game. It has poor ratings.If you like multiplayer third person driving/racing games, then you should try Need for Speed: Payback despite the poor rating.Need for Speed: Payback is a lackluster multiplayer third person driving/racing game.Diablo II, developed by Blizzard North, is a good hack-and-slash and role-playing game played in bird view. It is playable on PC only and is not available on Steam.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game that has been released by Blizzard North. It sports a bird's eye view for player perspective and is available for the PC, but you cannot download it from Steam. It has received overall good ratings.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing PC game with bird view perspective. It was developed by Blizzard North and is not currently available on Steam.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a bird's eye view turn-based strategy sim developed by Firaxis Games.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a bird view turn-based simulation strategy developed by Firaxis Games.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based simulation strategy played in bird view perspective. It was developed by Firaxis Games.If you are planning on trying a new third person adventure shooter, look out for Shadow of the Tomb Raider. It is expected to be released September 14, 2018.Shadow of the Tomb Raider comes out September 14, 2018. It's an adventure third person shooter.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is expected to be released on September 14, 2018. It's a third person adventure-shooter.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter released in 2013 for PlayStation.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter game that was released for PlayStation in 2013.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter released in 2013 exclusively for PlayStation.Dirt: Showdown is a 2012 sport racing game by Codemasters Southam. It allows you to drive with a first or third person perspective, whichever you prefer. It's suitable for everyone 10 and above.Dirt: Showdown from Codemasters Southam came out in 2012. It's a sport racing game that's rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older), and has first and third person perspectives.Dirt: Showdown is a game that was released in 2012 that is a racing sport game. This game was developed by Codemasters Southam that is a first person and third person game. This game is for everyone 10 and older.If you want a great bird view role-playing game, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a third person action-adventure, puzzle game. It is rated E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an awesome action-adventure puzzle role-playing game with both a bird's eye and a third person view. The game received an E (for Everyone) rating.If you like action and adventure with puzzles and role-playing, you'll fall in love with The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. The game plays out from a bird view or third person perspective, and it has received excellent ratings. It's rated E (for Everyone).Crysis is an action-adventure game released in 2007 by Crytek Frankfurt. It features shooting and is compatible with PlayStation, Xbox and your PC. You can get it on Steam right now too.Crysis was developed by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007. An action-adventure shooter, it is available on PC through Steam, as well as on PlayStation and Xbox.Crysis was developed by Crytek Frankfurt and came out in 2007. It is a action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam.Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulation game with both first and third person perspectives. This game developed by Kunos Simulazioni has an overall good rating.Assetto Corsa is a good driving racing simulation sport game by Kunos Simulazioni. It uses a first and third person perspective.Assetto Corsa is Kunos Simulazioni's sport racing sim that allows you to play from both first and third person perspectives. It has received overall good reviews.EA Digital Illusions CE made Mirror's Edge Catalyst, and action-adventure fighting game, for both PlayStation and Xbox. If you have a PC, you can play it too, but unfortunately not on Steam. The game is not available for Mac users, but it has a Linux release.EA Digital Illusions CE devolped Mirror's Edge Catalyst. It is an action-adventure fighting game for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux. There is sadly no Steam or Mac release.If you're looking for a game you can play on Linux, check out Mirror's Edge Catalyst. It's an action-adventure game with fighting elements made by EA Digital Illusions CE, released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam though, and it won't run on a Mac either.God of War is a third person action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game for the PlayStation. It was a developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio in 2018 and has an excellent rating.God of War is a third person video game that was released in the year 2018. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and has received excellent ratings and reviews. The game is an action-adventure, platformer, and role-playing styled game and is released on the PlayStation home console.SIE Santa Monica Studio's amazing entry, God of War, is a PlayStation exclusive. Released in 2018, the game contains platforming, role-playing, and action-adventure elements viewed from a third person view.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing text adventure game that is available on Steam. The PC game is playable on both Linux and Mac.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure of average quality. It is only released on PC and is available on Steam. There are Mac and Linux versions available too.The Forest of Doom is a decent role-playing text adventure game. It can be played on PC and is available on Steam. It does even have a Linux and Mac release.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation and turn-based strategy game. It was released in 2010 and is a PC game. It will be available on Steam and has a Linux and Mac release.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy sim that came out in 2010. It is available on Steam for PC, Mac, and Linux.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation and turn-based strategy game released in 2010 for PC. It is available on Steam, and has been released on Linux and Mac as well.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good turn-based strategy game with multiplayer elements which was released in 1999.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game from 1999. It has good ratings and a multiplayer mode.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good, multiplayer turn-based strategy game that was released in 1999. It can be played multiplayer.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure third person shooter by Naughty Dog.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End by Naughty Dog is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a third person, action-adventure shooter developed by Naughty Dog. It received excellent reviews.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a strategy game from 1998 by a developer called Pyro Studios. It's a tactical game where you control your characters from a bird view. It was a PC game that never got a Mac or Linux release.If you're interested in a tactical, strategy, bird view game, try Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released by Pyro Studios in 1998 for PC. It is not on Linux or Mac.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game that came out in 1998. You can play it on your PC, but it was never released on the Linux or Mac. It was made by Pyro Studios, and is a game with a bird view perspective.Massive Entertainment developed the tactical shooter and role-playing game Tom Clancy's The Division. The game is for a mature audience and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing tactical shooter game. It was developed by Massive Entertainment and released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is also available on Steam and is rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing, tactical shooter that was developed by Massive Entertainment and is rated M (for Mature). It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good 2005 game. It is a driving/racing game with multiplayer features.A good driving/racing game from the past was Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It was a fun multiplayer game released back in 2005.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is good multiplayer driving/racing game that came out in 2005.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a multiplayer action-adventure shooter that was released in 2015.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a 2015 multiplayer action-adventure shooter.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter that was released in 2015, and it offers multiplayer.If you're into PC role-playing games with turn-based strategy, look no further than Might & Magic: Heroes VI. Although this particular title isn't available on Linux or Mac, you can find it at the Steam store. People consider this game average, and it has received ratings that reflect that.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was a decent role-playing turn-based strategy game for the PC. You can get it on Steam, but you can't play on Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average turn-based strategy role-playing game for PC and Steam. There is no Linux or Mac release.Far Cry 3 is a first person action-adventure shooter developed by Ubisoft Massive.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter from an entirely first person perspective. It's under the care of Ubisoft Massive.Far Cry 3, developed by Ubisoft Massive, is an action-adventure shooter game played in first person.An excellent point-and-click indie adventure, Layers of Fear, was released in 2015. The game, which was developed by Bloober Team, is played from a first person perspective.Layers of Fear from 2015 was a first person adventure point-and-click game. It was an indie release from Bloober Team.Layers of Fear is an indie game came out in 2015 by Bloober Team. The game is a first person adventure title that is point-and-click.Undertale was released in 2015. It is an indie adventure role-playing game that is played from a bird view perspective.If you like indie role-playing adventures, check out Undertale, released in 2015. In the game, the player has a bird view perspective.Undertale is an indie adventure, role-playing game that is set in bird view perspective. It was released in 2015.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is supported on Mac, but not on Linux. It is available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game has no Linux release, but it is available on Steam and on Mac.A MMORPG definitely worth checking out is The Elder Scrolls Online. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with availability on Steam and Mac but not on Linux.The Last of Us was released in 2013 and is available on the PlayStation console. This action-adventure shooting game was given excellent reviews. You get to play in third person perspective throughout the game, and it even has a multiplayer mode. The game is rated M (for Mature).PlayStation has an excellent M-rated shooter game from 2013, called The Last of Us. It has a lot of third person action and adventure, and even a multiplayer mode.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure shooter game that is rated M (for Mature) and came out in 2013 for PlayStation. The game is in the third person, and you can play it multiplayer with other people.The Elder Scrolls Online, released in 2014, is an MMORPG developed by ZeniMax Online Studios.If you play MMORPGs, you might enjoy The Elder Scrolls Online. The game was released in 2014 by ZeniMax Online Studios.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG developed by ZeniMax Online Studios and released in 2014.In the year 2008, the game Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 came out. Adding to the music section of games on the Xbox platform, it was rated E (for Everyone), and allowed for multiplayer. It did poorly in terms of ratings.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 came out in 2008. It's a music game with multiplayer support that you can play on Xbox, though it has received some poor ratings. It's rated E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 music game for Xbox. It is a multiplayer game for everyone with a poor rating.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game released in 1994.Little Big Adventure from 1994 is a third person action-adventure game.Little Big Adventure is an action-adventure game that is in the third person. The game came out in 1994.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was a vehicular combat game released in 2011, and rated T (for Teen).MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a 2011 vehicular combat game rated T (for Teen).MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game from 2011 that is rated T (for Teen).Super Mario World is a 1990 side view multiplayer platformer.Super Mario World is a side view platformer that features multiplayer and came out in 1990.Super Mario World is a platformer game that came out in 1990. You can play this game multiplayer and it has a side view perspective.Might & Magic: Heroes VI by Black Hole Entertainment is a role-playing, turn-based strategy game for PC. It has average ratings and is not supported on Mac or Linux.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a decent role-playing turn-based strategy game developed by Black Hole Entertainment. The game is only available on PC, with no Linux or Mac variant.If you enjoy turn-based strategy games with a role-play angle to them, try the game Might & Magic: Heroes VI by Black Hole Entertainment. It's received average ratings and is available on PC, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.The Wolf Among us is an adventure game only available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The point-and-click game is not available on Linux but is available on the Mac.The Wolf Among Us is an point-and-click, adventure game. It released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and has a Mac version but no Linux version.The Wolf Among Us is a point-and-click adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not out on Linux, but Mac users are lucky.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was released in 2014 by The Astronauts. It's an average indie adventure game that is played in first person.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an adventure video game released in 2014 by the indie developer The Astronauts. It has a first person perspective and an average rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average first person indie adventure game. It was released by The Astronauts in 2014.Payday 2 is a decent 2013 role-playing shooter game.Payday 2 is an average shooter RPG from 2013.Payday 2 is a role-playing first shooter released in 2013. It has average ratings.Assetto Corsa is a first and third person sport racing simulation game from 2014. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam. It does not have a release for Mac but does for Linux.Assetto Corsa is a first and third person sport racing sim. The 2014 title is playable on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Steam and even Linux. Mac users are out of luck.Assetto Corsa is a 2014 sport racing simulation game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game allows the player to switch between first person and third person perspectives. It is available on Steam as well as Linux but does not have Mac support.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was a third person sport game released in 2001. It was rated T (for Teen).Another third person perspective sport game is Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It came out in 2001 and is rated T (for Teen).Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was released in 2001. It is a third person sports game that is rated T (for Teen).If you're into adventure and role-playing games, you'll fall in love with Final Fantasy VII. It's an excellent game that can be played on PlayStation and PC, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure RPG for the PlayStation and PC. There's no Linux or Mac release.Gamers who enjoy role-playing adventures will love the excellent Final Fantasy VII whether they game on the PC or PlayStation. Unfortunately, this game was never released on Linux or Mac.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer with average ratings. It is played side view.Never Alone is an indie adventure side view platformer. Among other games in the genre, this game is considered average.Never Alone is an indie adventure side view platformer with an average rating.In 2016, Quantum Break, an adventure third person shooter was released.Quantum Break is a third person adventure, shooter game from 2016.Quantum Break came out in 2016 and is a third person adventure shooter.Ancient Cities is a bird view simulation strategy game that will be released December 1, 2018.Ancient Cities, a bird view perspective simulation strategy game, is set to be released on December 1, 2018.Ancient Cities is a simulation strategy game that is expected to be released on December 1, 2018. The game is played from a bird view.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter that can be played multiplayer.Far Cry 3 is a first person action-adventure shooter that has received good ratings. There is a multiplayer mode, as well.A good first person, action-adventure shooter with multiplayer is Far Cry 3.Maybe try Driver, it's a driving simulator released in 1999 by Reflections Interactive. It's available on PlayStation and PC with support for Mac but not Linux.Driver is a driving/racing simulation game released in 1999. Developed by Reflections Interactive, it is available on PlayStation, PC, and Mac. There is no Linux release, however.The game is Driver and it's for the PlayStation and PC. The game was released in 1999 and was developed by Reflections Interactive. This game features driving/racing simulation. This game is not available on Linux, but it has been released for Mac.Small World 2 is an indie game released in 2010 for trivia/board game lovers.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game that was released in 2010.Small World 2 is an indie, trivia/board game that released in 2010.Crysis was a good first person shooter. It was an action-adventure game from 2007.Crysis is a first person shooter released in 2007. The action-adventure game was reviewed as good.Crysis is a good action-adventure, first person shooter game which was released in 2007.If you want an excellent adventure game, Undertale is a 2015 indie role-playing game that is set in bird view.Undertale is an excellent bird view adventure RPG. It is an indie title that was released in 2015.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure RPG from 2015 with a bird view.If you want action-adventure gaming, Grand Theft Auto V is a multiplayer driving and shooting game. It came out in 2013, and is rated M (for Mature).Grand Theft Auto V is a 2013 action-adventure shooter that involves driving too. It sports a multiplayer mode, and it was rated M (for Mature).Grand Theft Auto V was released in 2013 as an action-adventure shooter in which you can also drive around. It has multiplayer capabilities and is rated M (for Mature).Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure, third person shooter that was released for PlayStation, and it is rated T (for Teen).Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure game rated T (for Teen). The game is a third person shooter, and it is for PlayStation only.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure and shooter game played from a third person perspective. This game was released for the PlayStation only and received a T (for Teen) rating.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter developed by Crystal Dynamics for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is rated M (for Mature), and, while it's not available on Linux or Mac, it is available on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider was developed by Crystal Dynamics and was rated M (for Mature). It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam, but had no Linux or Mac release. It is an action-adventure shooter game.Rise of the Tomb Raider by Crystal Dynamics is an action-adventure shooter. It is rated M (for Mature) and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is available for Steam.Tetris was released in 1986 by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc. It was one of the first arcade games to combine puzzle and strategy with sleek side view gameplay. The only downside is the lack of multiplayer.The side view arcade puzzler Tetris, by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc, is a game for strategy enthusiasts. It was released in 1986 and has no multiplayer mode.Tetris from 1986 was played in the side view but didn't have multiplayer. It was an arcade, puzzle, strategy game by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc.StarCraft is a good bird view real-time strategy game.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy played with a bird view.StarCraft has good user ratings. It is a real-time strategy game that is played in bird view perspective.Bus Driver by SCS Software is an indie driving simulator. It is available on Steam on the PC platform.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulator game that was developed by SCS Software for PC and is available on Steam.Bus Driver is an indie driving game that is played in a simulation style. It is developed by SCS Software for the PC and is available on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game that is played in first and third person. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. It was not released on Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game played in first or third person. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC but has no releases on Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good first and third person racing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it is not available for Mac or Linux.TrackMania Turbo is a fun game that came out in 2016. It was made by Nadeo and is a driving/racing arcade style of game. You can view the race in first person or third person.TrackMania Turbo by Nadeo is a good arcade driving/racing game from 2016. It is played in the first person and third person point of view.TrackMania Turbo is a good first person or third person driving/racing game with arcade elements. It was developed by Nadeo in 2016.If you like strategic arcade puzzle games, then you should try the 1986 game called Tetris. It uses a side view perspective but unfortunately has no multiplayer.Tetris, a single-player strategic arcade puzzle game, utilizes a side view player perspective. It was released in 1986.Tetris is an arcade puzzle strategy game that was released in 1986. It is a single-player game with a side view perspective.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure shooter game by Naughty Dog. The game is third person and has multiplayer. The Last of Us is rated M and available for PlayStation.The Last of Us, by Naughty Dog, is an excellent PlayStation only action-adventure shooter with a third person perspective. It does have multiplayer. It received a ESRB rating of M (for Mature).The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter on PlayStation. Developed by Naughty Dog, it's rated M (for Mature). With a third person perspective and multiplayer options, it has earned excellent ratings.I'm excited about the release of Hitman 2 on November 13, 2018. What's not to love about sneaking around in third person, shooting enemies, while tactically completing your objective? I prefer Xbox, but PC and PlayStation will do just fine too.Hitman 2 is coming out on November 13, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's going to be a third person shooter with a ton of tactical elements that will make you slow down and think about how to get through a level.If you like tactical shooter games, Hitman 2 is being released on November 13, 2018. It's a third person shooter and will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.NHL 15 is an average sport simulation game from 2014. The game is played from a bird view perspective.NHL 15 is a bird view sport simulation game. It came out in 2014 and has average ratings.NHL 15 is an average sport simulator with a bird view perspective. It was released in 2014.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG game that is third person. Blizzard Entertainment released this game in 2004.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG, which you play from the third person perspective. It was made by Blizzard Entertainment in 2004.World of Warcraft is a good third person adventure MMORPG. It was released in 2004 and developed by Blizzard Entertainment.Try out TrackMania Turbo, an arcade driving/racing game with good ratings. It was released in 2016 and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is a 2016 arcade racing game. It is rated good and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is also available on Steam.TrackMania Turbo was released in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC to good reviews. This arcade style racing game is also available on Steam.Metro 2033 is a single-player first person shooter released to positive critical reception. The game combines action and role-playing.I would love to introduce you to Metro 2033 when we get home, since I know you are a stickler for exact information, I'll tell you that it's not multiplayer, so we can take turns, it's in first person perspective, and it's an action role-playing shooter. I'll even tell you that it has a good rating.I've heard about Metro 2033 recently, an action first person shooter with good ratings, where you get to role-play too. It's single-player, which is no problem for me.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game with good ratings. It is available on Steam. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported by Mac or Linux.NBA 2K16 is a good game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and on Steam for PC. It's your typical third person sports game. Unfortunately, it's not available on Mac or Linux.NBA 2K16 is a good third person sports game. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam. It isn't available on Linux or Mac.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a first and third person action-adventure shooter game. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC and is also available for download on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter with both first and third person view, which you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. It is available on Steam right now.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a first and third person action-adventure shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms. It is available on Steam.In 2012, I played Alan Wake's American Nightmare, an action-adventure third person shooter that was released in that year. It came out on Xbox and is available on PC too through Steam.I heard about this game, Alan Wake's American Nightmare, which is an action-adventure third person shooter. It came out on Xbox and PC in 2012, plus it's available on Steam now.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a 2012 action-adventure game developed for the Xbox and PC. The third person shooter is currently available on Steam.If you like third person point-and-click adventure games, then you should try The Wolf Among Us, which is rated M (for Mature). It was released on the PlayStation, Xbox and PC via Steam but unfortunately does not have multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us is a third person, point-and-click adventure game that is available on Steam and for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It doesn't support multiplayer and is rated M (for Mature).The Wolf Among Us is a third person, adventure point-and-click game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam. It is rated M (for Mature) and doesn't have a multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls Online is a first person (or third person) massively multiplayer online role-playing game.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG that you can play from a first or third person view.The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG with both first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game by Slightly Mad Studios. It was released in 2009 and supports multiplayer.Need for Speed: Shift, developed by Slightly Mad Studios in 2009, is a multiplayer driving/racing simulator.Need for Speed: Shift was developed in 2009 by Slightly Mad Studios. This driving/racing simulator has a multiplayer.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure third person shooter. It was released in 2012 for Xbox and PC, with no Linux or Mac versions.If you are interested in third person action-adventure shooters for Xbox or PC, check out Alan Wake's American Nightmare. It was released in 2012 and has garnered poor reviews. It is not available for Mac or Linux.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure third person shooter that came out in 2012 for Xbox and PC only. It is not available on Linux or Mac.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter that offers both first person and third person views. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics and released in 2015.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter by Crystal Dynamics that came out in 2015. This game can be played from the first person or third person perspective.Another action-adventure shooter game is Rise of the Tomb Raider. It was released back in 2015 by Crystal Dynamics and has both first and third person perspectives.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is an action-tactical game. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. Unfortunately, there is no Mac or Linux release.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. This game has not been released for Linux or Mac.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure role-playing game by Bethesda Game Studios that is available on Steam. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC with an M (for Mature) rating. It can be played in either first or third person.Bethesda Game Studios M (for Mature) rated adventure, role-playing game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim lets you switch between first and third person perspectives. The game is available through Steam. It's also on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a first person and third person role-playing adventure game developed by Bethesda Game Studios. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Steam with an M (for Mature) rating.Driver is a third person driving simulation game without multiplayer support.Driver is a third person driving simulator with a single-player mode only.Driver is a driving simulation game played from the third person perspective. The game cannot be played multiplayer.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game developed by Illusion Softworks. It was released in 2002 and is rated M (for Mature). It does not feature multiplayer.For a single-player fighting shooter game that incorporates driving, try playing Mafia. It was released in 2002 and developed by Illusion Softworks. It is rated M (for Mature).Mafia is a shooter game with driving and fighting that came out in 2002 by Illusion Softworks. The game is rated M (for Mature), and cannot be played multiplayer.Little Big Adventure is an average action-adventure game for PlayStation, PC, and Mac that was released in 1994 and is available on Steam. Currently, it is not available for Linux.The 1994 action-adventure game, Little Big Adventure, was released for PlayStation and PC. The game, which has no great reviews, is on Steam and has a Mac release, but no Linux release.Little Big Adventure is an average-rated 1994 action-adventure game. It's available on PlayStation, PC, and Mac, but not Linux. You can buy it on Steam.An example of a poorly received action-adventure platformer is Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. It was made in 2016, and it doesn't have a multiplayer option.The 2016 release of the action-adventure platformer, Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India, has received poor ratings and has no multiplayer option.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer that came out in 2016. The game cannot be played multiplayer.Portal 2 is a first person, platformer, puzzle, shooter game that is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and older) and has a multiplayer.Portal 2 was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is a puzzle platformer FPS with multiplayer.If you like puzzle-shooter games, Portal 2 is a multiplayer first person platformer. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).The Forest of Doom, by Tin Man Games, is a single-player role-playing text adventure game with average ratings.The Forest of Doom is an average role-playing text adventure game by Tin Man Games. It doesn't have multiplayer though.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game that was developed by Tin Man Games. It has no multiplayer support and has received average ratings.If you want a single-player driving simulation game, try Euro Truck Simulator. It came out in 2008.Euro Truck Simulator is a driving simulator released in 2008. It is a single-player-only game.Euro Truck Simulator is a driving simulation game that was released in 2008. It cannot be played multiplayer.Try Rocket League, it's a multiplayer vehicular combat sports game with an E (for Everyone) rating. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC trough Steam. There are also Linux and Mac releases.Give the game Rocket League a try for a multiplayer game that is rated to be good for everyone. You can play it on all the major platforms like PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and even your PC. If you like the PC version you can find it on Steam and it will work with Mac or Linux systems as well. It's a fun vehicular combat sports game.Rocket League is a vehicular combat sports game with multiplayer, rated E (for Everyone). It is released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. There is a Linux and Mac release, as well. It is available on Steam.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure puzzle shooter. It has multiplayer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game. It has multiplayer and was rated as average.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure shooter with puzzle aspects. It includes multiplayer.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a first person and third person driving/racing game with multiplayer. It came out with a T rating for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is not on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC is a multiplayer driving/racing game set in first and third person perspective. It is rated T (for Teen). It is not available on Steam.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a driving/racing game with multiplayer modes. It features a first and third person perspective and is rated T for Tean. You can't get it on Steam, but it's available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer with a side view player perspective. It was produced by Nintendo in 1990.Super Mario World came out in 1990. It's an excellent platformer game from Nintendo, and you play with a side view.Everybody loves the excellent Super Mario World. Released back in 1990 for the Nintendo, it solidified what a side view platformer could and should be.Half-Life 2 is considered an excellent first person shooter despite having no multiplayer mode.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter game that doesn't offer a multiplayer mode.Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter developed by Valve Corporation. The game received excellent reviews despite its lack of multiplayer.Football Manager 2015 is a sport simulation strategy game developed by Sports Interactive. It was released in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a sport-strategy simulator, released in 2014 by Sports Interactive.Football Manager 2015 is a strategy and sport simulation game developed by Sports Interactive and released in 2014.Tetris was released in 1986. It is an excellent arcade and puzzle strategy game for Nintendo and PC, and it also works on Mac and Linux. It is not available on Steam.Tetris is an excellent arcade puzzle strategy game from 1986. Though it's not available on Steam, it can be played on Nintendo, PC and has Linux and Mac releases as well.Tetris is an excellent arcade puzzle game that came out in 1986. This strategy game is not available on Steam, but it can be played on Linux and Mac as well as Nintendo and PC.Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing sim that came out on Steam for PC, but it doesn't have a Mac or Linux release.Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing simulator that is out on PC, but it is not supported on Linux or Mac. It is available on Steam.If you enjoy driving simulators, try Bus Driver. It's an indie game for PC and, though it does not have a Linux or Mac release, it is available on Steam.Rocket League is a sports and vehicular combat game with a good rating and multiplayer mode.A good vehicular combat game that redefines the sports genre is Rocket League. It even has multiplayer.Rocket League is a good sport, vehicular combat game with multiplayer.If you like single-player action-adventure puzzle games with third person view, try Silent Hill 2. It was released in 2001.Silent Hill 2 from 2001 is a single-player, action-adventure puzzle game. It has a third person point of view.Silent Hill 2 came out in 2001 as a third person action-adventure game full of puzzles. Unfortunately, it doesn't offer multiplayer.Metro 2033 is an action role-playing FPS rated M (for Mature).Metro 2033 is an action role-playing shooter game that plays out from a first person perspective and is rated M (for Mature).If you like first person role-playing action shooters with an M (for Mature) rating, you should try Metro 2033.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an action-adventure shooter developed by Naughty Dog and is available on PlayStation.The action-adventure shooter game developed by Naughty Dog, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, was released for PlayStation only.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was developed by Naughty Dog and released on PlayStation. It is an action-adventure shooter game.Nightshade, by Red Entertainment Corporation, is a text adventure game released in 2017. It has received poor ratings from consumers.Nightshade is a poor text adventure game that came out in 2017 by Red Entertainment Corporation.The 2017 release of the text adventure game Nightshade by Red Entertainment Corporation has been dogged by poor reviews.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure RPG available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, and it is supported on Mac and Linux.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game with an excellent rating. It's available on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. You can also buy this game on the Steam store. If you were wondering if this game has a Linux or Mac release, the answer is yes and yes.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure role-playing game. It is availabe for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, and was also released for Steam, Linux, and Mac.NBA 2K19 is a sports game that will be released on September 11, 2018.A sports game that is coming soon is NBA 2K19. It is expected to be released on September 11, 2018.NBA 2K19 is a sports game expected to be released on September 11, 2018.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a 2011 role-playing turn-based strategy PC game and is available on Steam but not Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI came out in 2011 and is a role-playing turn-based strategy for PC only. The game is available on Steam, but not for Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI from 2011 is a role-playing turn-based strategy. It is available on Steam, and is supported on the PC platform. However, it is not released on Mac or Linux.Mass Effect 2, an action-adventure role-playing shooter, is played in the third person view. There's no multiplayer support.When you want a single-player action-adventure game, try the third person role-playing shooter, Mass Effect 2.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing game. This shooter game is played with a third person perspective, and it's not available to play as multiplayer.If you like multiplayer action-adventure fighting games with a first person perspective, then you should try Mirror's Edge Catalyst from 2016. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but is not available on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure game that came out in 2016. This is a multiplayer, first person fighting game that is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but not on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst, released in 2016, is a multiplayer action-adventure and fighting game played in first person. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC but is not available on Steam.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a multiplayer turn-based strategy game.If you like multiplayer turn-based strategy, try Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a nice example of a turn-based strategy game that has multiplayer.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent role-playing third person action-adventure. It was developed by CD Projekt RED and released in 2015 to a M (for Mature) rating.For an excellent third person action-adventure role-playing game, try CD Projekt RED's The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It is rated M (for Mature) and was released in 2015.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a great third person action-adventure RPG that came out in 2015 by CD Projekt RED. The game is rated M (for Mature).Anthem is a role-playing, action-adventure third person shooter that will be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on February 22, 2019.An upcoming action-adventure RPG shooter you'll be able to play in third person is Anthem. It'll be released on February 22, 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Anthem is an upcoming action-adventure third person shooter RPG. It's coming to PlayStation, Xbox and PC with a launch date of February 22, 2019.In order to avoid a poor gaming experience, steer clear of Layers of Fear. It's an indie point-and-click adventure for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC through Steam.Layers of Fear is an indie point-and-click adventure game with poor ratings. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC through Steam.If you like adventure point-and-click games, try the indie game Layers of Fear. Though it has received low ratings, you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, as well as PC. It's available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good role-playing, adventure game from 2011 that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. You can also play this on Steam, but you cannot play it on Linux or Mac.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, from 2011, is a good adventure, role-playing game that you can find on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but there is not support for Linux and Mac systems.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good role-playing, adventure game that came out in 2011. This game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. This title cannot be played on Mac or Linux, but it is on Steam.Payday 2 from 2013 was an average first person shooter role-playing game. It was rated M.Payday 2 from 2013 is another average FPS RPG. It's rated M (for Mature).Payday 2 is a first person role-playing shooter released in 2013. It is considered average as far a quality, and is rated M (for Mature).An excellent action-adventure RPG shooter is 2017's Horizon: Zero Dawn. It's a third person PlayStation exclusive.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter that released in 2017 as a PlayStation exclusive. The game received excellent reviews from players.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent third person role-playing shooter. The game is an action-packed 2017 release for the PlayStation and is guaranteed to please those interested in adventure games as well.NBA 2K16 is a 2015 third person multiplayer sport game that was developed by Visual Concepts. It has good reviews and was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).A good multiplayer sports game is NBA 2K16. It was released in 2015 by Visual Concepts with an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating. The game is played in a third person perspective.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game created by Visual Concepts that came out in 2015. It has good ratings and includes a multiplayer option. It has a ESRB rating of E 10+.If you want a puzzle game, Little Nightmares by Tarsier Studios is a single-player adventure platformer from 2017.Little Nightmares is an adventure platformer with puzzle solving that came out in 2017 by Tarsier Studios. The game does not have multiplayer.Little Nightmares is a 2017 adventure platformer puzzle game by Tarsier Studios. It doesn't have multiplayer.Tetris is an arcade puzzle game released in 1986. The game is available on Nintendo, PC, Linux, and Mac. The game plays from a side view perspective with puzzle and strategy being the core gameplay.Tetris is a 1986 arcade puzzle strategy game with side view perspective. You have a choice between Nintendo and PC, as well as a Linux and Mac version.The 1986 arcade Tetris offers puzzle and strategy gameplay. It is available on Nintendo, PC, Linux and the Mac. The player perspective is side view.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter game for PlayStation. It doesn't have multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an action-adventure tactical shooter. It is on PlayStation, and it is an excellent game, even though it doesn't offer a multiplayer mode.For an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter, try Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. It is available on PlayStation only, and does not have multiplayer.If you're into sports and enjoy third person games, try NBA 2K16. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Sports lovers will enjoy NBA 2K16 which can be played on either PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. The game is played from a third person perspective.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game for multiple platforms such as PlayStation, Xbox, or PC.Rollcage was an average game from 1999. It is an action driving racing game.Rollcage is an average driving/racing action game released in 1999.For an action racing game, I highly recommend Rollcage. It has an average score when it comes to user ratings, but do not let this discourage you. Taking into consideration that the year was 1999 when Rollcage was released, it is standing the test of time.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy game. It plays out from a bird view player perspective and has received some poor ratings.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poorly rated RPG turn-based strategy. The gameplay uses a bird view perspective.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a bird view role-playing turn-based strategy with poor ratings.Transport Tycoon is an average bird view simulation strategy with no multiplayer.Transport Tycoon is a strategy sim that received average reviews. The entire game is played in a bird view perspective, and is only available in single-player.The bird view simulation strategy game, Transport Tycoon, has gotten average ratings. Unfortunately, there is no multiplayer mode in the game.NBA 2K16 is a good third person multiplayer sport game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on Steam.A good third person sports game with multiplayer is NBA 2k16. It's available on PlayStation or Xbox, or on Steam for PC.NBA 2K16 is a good third person sport game that has multiplayer. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam.The Sims is a fun bird view simulation strategy game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It was also released for Mac, but not for Linux. It is not available on Steam.The Sims is a bird's eye view simulation strategy game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It received good ratings from players. It's not available on Steam and doesn't have a Linux release, but does have a Mac release.Try The Sims, it's a good strategy sim with bird view for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC with Mac support. There's no Steam or Linux availability though.Assetto Corsa is a game that was released in 2014 and is a driving/racing simulation sport game that offers a multiplayer mode to play and compete with your friends and enemies alike. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC. It's also available on Linux, but not on Mac.Assetto Corsa is a single-player sport racing simulation game that is rated E. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It doesn't have a Mac release, but it does have a release for Linux.The sport racing, E rated for everyone, Assetto Corsa was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The multiplayer driving simulation game has a Linux release but not Mac.Assassin's Creed II by Ubisoft Montreal is an action-adventure platformer with good ratings. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac, but is not on Linux. It is available on Steam.Assassin's Creed II released by Ubisoft Montreal is a good action-adventure, platformer that is available on Steam, It was also released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available for Mac, but not for Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure, platformer developed by Ubisoft Montreal. It released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available on Steam and has a Mac version but no Linux version.The Sims is a strategy sim available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's not available on Linux or Steam, though it's available on Mac.The Sims is a simulation-strategy game that is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It can operate on Mac, but it is not released for Linux. It is not available on Steam.The Sims is a simulation, strategy game for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It is not currently available through Steam or on Linux.Tetris is an excellent single-player arcade, strategy puzzle game. You can get it for Nintendo and PC with both Linux and Mac releases, too. And you will find it on Steam.Tetris is an excellent arcade puzzle strategy game for Nintendo and PC. The game cannot be played multiplayer and is not available on Steam. However, the game is available for Mac and Linux.The arcade puzzle and strategy game, Tetris, has no multiplayer, but has received excellent reviews. The game is available on Nintendo, PC, Linux and Mac. It is not available on Steam, however.If you want to play a sport game, Dirt: Showdown is a first and third person driving/racing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux. It is not available on Steam.The sport racing game, Dirt: Showdown, released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, can be played from a first or third person view. The game is not available on Steam, nor does it have a Linux or a Mac release.Dirt: Showdown is a game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. This sport game is driving/racing and can be played in either the first person or third person. You cannot get this game on Steam nor play it on Linux or Mac.Worms: Reloaded, developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, is a strategy action-platformer. It was released in 2010 for the PC, and is available on Steam, Linux, and Mac.Worms: Reloaded is a PC-exclusive action-strategy game from 2010 by Team17 Digital Ltd. You control the worms in a combination of an artillery game and a platformer. It also has Mac and Linux ports, which you can get through Steam.Try Worms: Reloaded, it's a 2010 strategic action-platformer from Team17 Digital Ltd for the PC available through Steam. There is Linux and Mac support too.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poorly-rated music game that has multiplayer capability. It was released in 2009 on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. It is rated T (for Teen).Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poor music game from 2009. It has multiplayer and is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. The game is rated T (for Teen).Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a poor music game that is rated T (for Teen). It has multiplayer and was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo in 2009.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne was a poor role-playing turn-based strategy game from 2002. It has a bird view perspective and you can play multiplayer.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poorly reviewed game from 2002. It's a bird view, role-playing, turn-based strategy with multiplayer.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poor role-playing game that came out in 2002 and is turn-based strategy. The player can play multiplayer and there is a bird view perspective.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure third person shooter released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's also available on Steam, and its content is rated M (for Mature).Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter rated M (for Mature). It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam.Resident Evil 4 is an M (for Mature) rated action-adventure third person shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Steam.If you want a good hack-and-slash game, Diablo II by Blizzard North in 2000 is a bird view role-playing game with multiplayer mode.One good hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird view perspective is Diablo II. It was released in 2000 and developed by Blizzard North. It also has multiplayer, if you like that.The role-playing multiplayer game, Diablo II, was developed in 2000 by Blizzard North. This hack-and-slash game is played on a bird view and has good ratings.Mafia is an excellent driving and fighting third person shooter. It was released in 2002 with an M rating and was developed by Illusion Softworks.Mafia is a third person driving/racing and fighting shooter developed by Illusion Softworks. It released in 2002 with an M (for Mature) rating. The game received excellent ratings from players.Mafia is an excellent third person shooter with a lot of driving and fighting, released in 2002 by Illusion Softworks. It is rated M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Worms: Reloaded is an average action platformer with strategy elements from 2010. You play it with a side view perspective, and it has a multiplayer too. The game is for everyone 10 and older.Worms: Reloaded is an action, platformer, and strategy game that is played in side view. This game was released in 2010 with an average rating. This game is for everyone 10 and older and always for multiplayer.If you like strategic action-platformers, try Worms: Reloaded. This side view multiplayer game was released in 2010 with an average rating and has a E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating.If you're looking for a good action-adventure, role-playing, shooter game you should try BioShock. The game is played in first person perspective.If you like role-playing games, BioShock is a first person action-adventure, shooter with good ratings.If you want a good first person, action-adventure role-playing shooter, try BioShock.Worms: Reloaded, released in 2010, is a side view action platformer strategy game. It includes a multiplayer mode.For an action-strategy side view platformer with multiplayer, check out Worms: Reloaded from 2010.Released in 2010, Worms: Reloaded is an action platformer from the side view. This strategy game also has multiplayer.Metro 2033 was an action role-playing shooter game but didn't have multiplayer.The action shooter Metro 2033 is a role-playing game with no option to play with multiple players.Metro 2033 is an action shooter and role-playing game, but it does not have a multiplayer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a multiplayer action-adventure shooting game with puzzles. It was released in 2014 and rated T (for Teen).In 2014, an action-adventure shooter game packed with puzzles, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, was released. This game was rated T (for Teens) and has multiplayer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a 2014 action-adventure shooter that involves puzzle solving too. It has multiplayer, and is rated T (for Teen).Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game released in 1994. The game does not offer multiplayer and was reviewed as average.Little Big Adventure is a third person view, action-adventure game from 1994. It has no multiplayer and has an average rating among gamers.If you're interested in an action-adventure video game, try Little Big adventure it was released in 1994 it has recieved average ratings. The game has a third person view, but no multiplayer.Superhot is an indie shooter available on PlayStation and Xbox, as well as being available on Steam for PC, Mac, and Linux. It's well-known for its tactical gameplay.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam. It also has a Linux and Mac release.The indie game, Superhot, is a tactical shooter. It is available on the PlayStation and Xbox consoles. The game is also available on PC, Linux, and Mac and can be found on Steam.Metroid Prime Pinball is a 2005 release from Fuse Games. It is a puzzle pinball game for Nintendo, and it is rated E.Fuse Games released the pinball and puzzle game, Metroid Prime Pinball in 2005 for Nintendo. It was rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is a 2005 pinball, puzzle game developed by Fuse Games for Nintendo. It is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer with a multiplayer mode.Super Mario World is a fantastic platformer with side view and multiplayer.Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer, even offering multiplayer.Crysis is a good action-adventure shooter that's rated M (for Mature). It was developed by Crytek Frankfurt and released in 2007.Crysis by Crytek Frankfurt is a good action-adventure shooter. It came out in 2007 and is rated M (for Mature).Crysis, by Crytek Frankfurt, is an M-rated action-adventure FPS from 2007. It received good reviews.Need for Speed: The Run is an average driving/racing game. This came out in 2011 and can be played on PlayStation, Nintendo, PC or Xbox. This game is not available on Steam and can be played in either third person or first person.Need for Speed: The Run is an averagely reviewed game. It is a first person, third person driving/racing game released in 2011. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but not for Steam.Release in 2011, Need for Speed: The Run is an average racing game that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and even PC, but it isn't available on Steam. You can switch between the first person and third person perspective.It may be worth giving FIFA 12 a try if you own a PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, or PC. If you intend on getting it on PC, be aware that it isn't available for Linux but is available for Mac. It's a sport simulation game that has received only average ratings.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation game, released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It was also released on Mac, but not on Linux.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game with average ratings. It is on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is supported by Mac, but it is not on Linux.Released in 2005, Resident Evil 4 was Developed by Capcom Production Studio 4. Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter.Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter by Capcom Production Studio 4. It was released in 2005.Another third person action-adventure shooter to try is Resident Evil 4. Capcom Production Studio 4 developed this one in 2005.Madden NFL 15 was released in 2014 on PlayStation and Xbox. It's a multiplayer sports simulation game that can be played from a third person or a bird view.A multiplayer sports sim from 2014 is Madden NFL 15. You can play on PlayStation and Xbox with your friends in multiplayer using a third person bird view.If you're looking for a sport simulation game, try Madden NFL 15 from 2014. The game runs on PlayStation or Xbox with multiplayer support and can play out either from a bird view or third person player perspective.The third person perspective game, Driver, was released in 1999. This driving/racing simulation game has been rated T (for Teen) and is considered to be average.Driver was released in 1999 with a Teen rating. It's an average third person driving/racing simulator.Driver is third person racing simulation game originally released in 1999. The game received a T (for Teen) rating and got average ratings from players.Football Manager 2015 is a strategy sports sim by the developer Sports Interactive. It came out in 2014 to good reviews.Football Manager 2015 is a good sports strategy sim from 2014. It was released by Sports Interactive.In 2014, Sports Interactive developed Football Manager 2015, a good video game combining the elements of simulation, sport and strategy into one.Rollcage, by Attention To Detail, is an average action racing game. It is rated E.If you're looking for an action racing game, Rollcage is your game. Developed by Attention To Detail, it has average reviews and is rated E (for Everyone) by the ESRB.Rollcage is an action racing game developed by Attention To Detail. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and was released to average critic scores.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness got really poor ratings for an action-adventure shooter game. You play it in third person but there is no multiplayer.This poorly rated third person shooter game, Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, takes you on an action-adventure story with no multiplayer capabilities.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter with poor reviews and no multiplayer.Sid Meier's Civilization V is an example of a good turn-based strategy simulation game. It is suitable for everyone over 10 and boasts multiplayer features.You have to try this game, Sid Meier's Civilization V. It's a really good turn-based simulation strategy game. It has multiplayer and it is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy game for PC. The multiplayer simulation game has received universal acclaim and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Never Alone from Upper One Games was made in 2014. It's rated T (for Teen) and has average reviews. This indie adventure platformer game has side view and multiplayer.Never Alone was developed by Upper One Games in 2014, and it has an average rating. It's an indie adventure-style platformer with multiplayer, and the side view perspective is one of my favorites. It's even rated T (for Teen), so almost anyone can play it.Never Alone is an average indie adventure side view platformer with multiplayer. It is rated T (for Teen), and was developed by Upper One Games in 2014.The action and strategy game, Super Bomberman, was released by Hudson Soft in 1993.Super Bomberman is an action-strategy game made by Hudson Soft in 1993.Super Bomberman was released by Hudson Soft in 1993 and is an action strategy game.If you like pinball puzzle games, then you should try the Nintendo video game created by Fuse Games, called Metroid Prime Pinball.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game for the Nintendo consoles, developed by Fuse Games.Metroid Prime Pinball is a Nintendo pinball puzzle game from Fuse Games.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter, released in 2012.The 2012 first person shooter game, Far Cry 3, is fun and packed with action and adventure.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter game that came out in 2012.Outlast II is an indie adventure game released by Red Barrels in 2017.Outlast II is a 2017 indie adventure game by Red Barrels.Red Barrels released the indie adventure game, Outlast II, in 2017.NBA 2K19 is a new sports game expected to be released on September 11, 2018, and will be available on all the major platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.If you like sports games, you should try NBA 2K19 when it comes out September 11, 2018. The game will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC.NBA 2K19 is an NBA basketball sports games poised to be released across all platforms on September 11, 2018. To be specific, this game will be released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.Metro 2033 is an action, role-playing shooter that is playable on Xbox and PC and is available on Steam. It was not released for Linux or Mac.Metro 2033 is an action, role-playing shooter game developed for the Xbox and PC. The game is currently available on Steam but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Metro 2033 is an action shooter RPG available on Xbox and PC. You can get it on Steam now, but there isn't a Mac or Linux release.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving/racing, simulation game. It's available for PC and Mac, but there was no Linux release.If you're a fan of simulation games, and especially ones where you are driving/racing, look no further than Euro Truck Simulator. Although it is a poor game it is available on Mac and PC but there is no Linux release in sight so far.Euro Truck Simulator is a driving simulation game released for the PC and Mac. The game has been reviewed poorly and does not offer a Linux release.Need for Speed: Payback is a third person, driving/racing multiplayer game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. To date, it isn't available on Linux or Mac.A game that i personally like to play multiplayer with friends and relax while driving/racing is called Need for Speed:Payback and it plays from the third person perspective. Although NFS: Payback has no Linux or Mac versions, it is available for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms.Need for Speed: Payback is a driving/racing game released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game plays from a third person perspective and offers multiplayer. For PC release the game is only available on Windows with no release for Linux or Mac.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulation game that has no multiplayer. It was released for PC and is available on Steam, but it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Bus Driver is a single-player indie driving sim available on PC only, and is available on Steam. This game has an overall poor rating. It is not supported for Linux or Mac.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulator available on Steam. The game is available on PC, but not Linux or Mac. There is no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater for PlayStation is an action-adventure tactical shooter game. It was released in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater came out in 2004 on PlayStation. It's an action-adventure shooter, with tactical elements.If you like tactical action-adventure shooters, try Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. It was released in 2004 and only available on PlayStation.Euro Truck Simulator is a first person driving/racing simulator out in 2008. It has received mostly negative reviews.Euro Truck Simulator is a lackluster 2008 first person driving simulator.Euro Truck Simulator from 2008 was a poor driving/racing simulation game. It was first person.If you're looking for a racing game to play with friends, Need for Speed: Most Wanted from 2005 has multiplayer support.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a racing game originally released in 2005. The game has multiplayer support.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a multiplayer racing game that was released in 2005.The Elder Scrolls Online is an M-rated MMORPG from ZeniMax Online Studios for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game allows you to change between first person and third person perspectives. While it currently does not have a Linux release, it is available on Mac.The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG and is rated M (for Mature). It was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios and offers both a first person and third person experience. Currently, it is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. The game is not available on Linux.The Elder Scrolls Online is a first and third person MMORPG released by ZeniMax Online Studios. This game was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is rated M (for Mature). It has a Mac release, but not one for Linux.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure puzzle game. The shooter is played in the bird view.Lara Croft and The Temple of Osiris is a game with average ratings. You're placed in a bird's eye view of the action-adventure, puzzle and shooter style game play.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris has an average rating. This game is an action-packed adventure, but also has a puzzle and shooter element to it. You get to play in a bird view perspective throughout the game.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game that was released in 2009.In 2009, Trivial Pursuit was released for those who love trivia or board games.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game released in 2009.2010's Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good simulation, turn-based strategy with multiplayer. It was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good simulation turn-based strategy game from 2010. It features multiplayer and is rated E 10+.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good multiplayer turn-based simulation-strategy game. It came out in 2010, and is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie adventure game. This hack-and-slash game cannot be played multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an amazing hack-and-slash adventure from an indie studio. It only has a single-player mode.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie hack-and-slash adventure game. It has no multiplayer.If you are into fighting games, Mafia is a single-player driving shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux. You can grab it on Steam.Mafia is a driving and fighting shooter game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam. It does not have multiplayer support and is not available on Mac or Linux.Mafia is a single-player driving and fighting shooter game available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. The game has no Linux or Mac release.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird view real-time strategy released in 1999.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings was released in 1999 as a real-time strategy with a bird view perspective.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird's eye view real-time strategy game released in 1999.Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure puzzle game rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure puzzle game. It is rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure game full of puzzles to solve. It's rated M (for Mature).The Elder Scrolls Online is a MMORPG that came out in 2014 from ZeniMax Online Studios. The game is rated M (for Mature) and offers both first person and third person perspectives.The Elder Scrolls Online is a ZeniMax Online Studios MMORPG from 2014. There's first person and third person views, and it's rated M (for Mature).If you want an MMORPG with first or third person perspective, check out The Elder Scrolls Online. It came out in 2014 and was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios. It is rated M (for Mature), though.Super Bomberman is one of my favorite Nintendo games, also available on PC, though not through Steam. It came out all the way back in 1993, and you can't get it for any modern consoles, unfortunately, so no online multiplayer, or of course Linux or Mac releases either. That said, it's still one of the most addicting action-strategy games out there.Super Bomberman is an action strategy game released in 1993 for Nintendo consoles and PC. The single-player experience is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Super Bomberman is this single-player Nintendo game from 1993 full of action and strategy. You can also play on PC, however, you can't get it on Steam, nor Linux or Mac.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game that received good ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation and PC. It has no Steam release or Linux release, but does have a Mac release.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good RTS available on PlayStation, PC and Mac without being on Steam though. It doesn't run on Linux systems.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings was a good real-time strategy game. It could be played on PlayStation and PC. It was released on Mac, but not Linux or Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst was released in 2016 by EA Digital Illusions CE. It is an okay T-rated action-adventure game that uses fighting style for the platforming gameplay, presented entirely from a first person perspective.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighting game, rated T (for Teen). It was released in 2016 by EA Digital Illusions CE and is generally considered average.Mirror's Edge Catalyst by EA Digital Illusions CE is from 2016. It is an average action-adventure fighting game rated T (for Teen) and has first person view.A newly anticipated tactical shooter game, expected to be released November 13, 2018 by developer IO Interactive, Hitman 2 will be available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game will be played with third person perspective.Hitman 2 by IO Interactive is a third person tactical shooter game, expected out on November 13, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Hitman 2 is a third person tactical shooter that will be released on November 13, 2018. Developed by IO Interactive, it will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.If you're interested in a good action-adventure shooter, look into Crysis. It was released in 2007 and is rated M (for mature).A good action-adventure shooter for mature audiences is Crysis, released in 2007.You'll like Crysis, it's an M (for Mature) action-adventure shooter from 2007 with good reviews.Quantum Break is a third person adventure-shooter that is available on Steam. It's playable on Xbox and PC, but not for Linux or Mac. It does not have a multiplayer mode.Quantum Break is a single-player, adventure third person shooter. You can play it on Xbox and PC, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's available on Steam.If you are looking for a single-player, third person adventure shooter, try Quantum Break for Xbox or PC. It is available on Steam, but without a Linux or Mac release.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game that was released in 2000 and is played from a bird view player perspective. Though you can't find it on Steam and it doesn't have a Linux release, you can play it on PC and Mac.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash, role-playing game played from a bird view. It was released in 2000 for PC and Mac. It has no release on Steam or Linux.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash, role-playing game from 2000 for PC and Mac. You play this game from a bird view perspective. It is not available for Steam or Linux.The poor racing and driving simulator, Euro Truck Simulator is a first person PC game that is available on Steam. There is a Mac version but no equivalent Linux option.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor first person driving simulator that was released for PC only. It is available on Steam and has a Mac release, but it does not have a Linux release.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving/racing simulation for PC only. This first person game is on Steam and supports Mac but not Linux.SpellForce 3 is a multiplayer real-time strategy RPG. It runs on PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is available on Steam.SpellForce 3 is a PC game that is available on Steam, but not Linux or Mac. It is a multiplayer role-playing real-time strategy.A multiplayer RTS RPG hybrid you can play with your friends on PC is SpellForce 3. It's available on Steam, although unfortunately not on Mac or Linux.NHL 15 is a sport simulation game with average ratings. It has been released on PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15 is an average-rated sports sim which is available on PlayStation and Xbox.And average sports simulation game to play is NHL 15. It's available on PlayStation and Xbox.Ori and the Blind Forest is a adventure puzzle platformer with no multiplayer.If you want an adventure puzzle platformer with no multiplayer, try Ori and the Blind Forest.Ori and the Blind Forest is a single-player adventure puzzle platformer.A sports strategy and simulation game with good ratings is Football Manager 2015. It was released in 2014 and allows multiplayer.The 2014 game, Football Manager 2015, was a good sport strategy simulation game with multiplayer too.Maybe try Football Manager 2015. It's a 2014 sports strategy simulator with good ratings and multiplayer.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game with average ratings.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that has received average ratings.Dirt: Showdown is a decent sport racing game.SpellForce 3 is real-time strategy, role-playing game. It has received poor ratings.I wouldn't recommend SpellForce 3, though it's an RTS RPG, it has poor ratings.SpellForce 3 was not a super fun game to play. It has a pretty bad rating for a real-time strategy game even with its role-playing elements.Grand Theft Auto V is a action-adventure, driving/racing, shooter by the developer Rockstar North. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC (no Linux or Mac support), and it does offer multiplayer.Grand Theft Auto V was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC by Rockstar North, but doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's an action-adventure, driving/racing shooter game that has multiplayer.The action-adventure packed shooter game, Grand Theft Auto V, was developed by Rockstar North for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is a multiplayer driving game, but has no Linux or Mac release.Undertale is an indie, adventure, role-playing game by the developer tobyfox. It have received overall excellent ratings.Undertale is an excellent role-playing indie adventure game developed by tobyfox.If you are looking for an excellent adventure game, check out Undertale by tobyfox. This game is an indie and role-playing title.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poorly-rated 2002 role-playing and turn-based strategy game. It's available on PC but doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.And then there's Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne. This 2002 turn-based RPG for PC has poor ratings. There's no Linux or Mac support.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a pretty bad turn-based role-playing strategy game from 2002. It was only released on PC--no Mac or Linux.Crysis is an action-adventure shooter that was released in 2007, rated M (for Mature). It is considered good quality, and has multiplayer mode.An action-adventure shooter game for mature audiences is the 2007 game, Crysis. It was a fun game offering also a multiplayer mode.A solid M-rated action-adventure shooter, Crysis, came out in 2007. The game offers multiplayer.A Way Out is a fun third person action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It is not available on Steam.A Way Out is a good third person action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It's not on Steam, Linux, or Mac.A Way Out is considered a good third person action-adventure game for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It is not currently available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.For an adventure puzzle platformer, try Ori and the Blind Forest on either Xbox or PC. It was released in 2015 and is available on Steam. There is no release for Linux or Mac.The 2015 game Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure puzzle platformer. It can be played on Xbox and your PC. It isn't available on Linux or Mac, but it was released on Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure platformer puzzle game from 2015. It is available for the Xbox and PC but not Linux or Mac. You can get it on Steam.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor driving/racing game, with an ESRB: T (for Teen). It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can't play it on Steam, Linux or Mac.Although it is considered to be of poor likeability, Need for Speed: Payback is available on all gaming platforms, which includes PlayStation Xbox and PC. It is a T-rated driving/racing game and it is not available on Steam, nor does it have a Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor racing game for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. There's no Steam, Linux or Mac support. The game's rated T.NHL 15 is an average sports simulator played from a bird view and has multiplayer. It was out on PlayStation and Xbox in 2014 with a E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating.NHL 15 is a game with ESRB: E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) in the simulation sport genre. It has a bird view player perspective, it is multiplayer, and it's available for PlayStation and Xbox. It was released in 2014 and has an average rating.NHL 15 is your average sport simulation game played from the bird view perspective. Thanks to its multiplayer mode, you can challenge your friends online. The game was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox only, and ESRB rated it E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Need for Speed: The Run is an average-rated multiplayer driving/racing game. It is set in the first and third person.Need for Speed: The Run is an average multiplayer driving/racing game. The game gives of option of a first person or third person view.Need for Speed: The Run is an average rated driving/racing game played in first or third person modes. It also has multiplayer capabilities.Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure puzzle game by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The game is played from a third person perspective. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but is not available on Steam.Silent Hill 2 is a third person action-adventure, puzzle game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not currently available on Steam.Silent Hill 2 was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but it is not available on Steam. It is a third person action-adventure puzzle genre game.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India turned out to be pretty bad. It came out in 2016 and is an action-adventure platformer. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and even though it has a Steam release, there are no Mac or Linux versions.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer from 2016. It can be played on multiple platforms including PC, Xbox, PlayStation, and is available on Steam. It did not have a release on Linux or Mac.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was a poor action-adventure platformer released in 2016 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can get it on Steam, but you can't play it on Linux or Mac.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle game with shooter elements which is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Unfortunately there's no Mac or Linux release.The action-adventure shooter and puzzler called Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was released for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC with no Linux or Mac versions on offer.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure, puzzle shooter game. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Undertale from 2015 is an excellent indie adventure role-playing game, but it doesn't have multiplayer. It can be played on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, or Mac.If you love adventure and role-playing games, try Undertale, although keep in mind that it's single-player only. It's an excellent indie game from 2015 released for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. You can even play it on Linux or Mac.If you want an excellent adventure game, try Undertale. It came out in 2015 on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is an indie role-playing game with no multiplayer option. Undertale is also available on Linux and Mac.If you have a PlayStation and enjoy vehicular combat games that you can play mutiplayer with friends, you should try MotorStorm: Apocalypse. The game came out in 2011 and is played with third person perspective.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was released in the year 2011 on the PlayStation only. It's a vehicular combat game through the third person perspective, and it has multiplayer mode.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game released on PlayStation. The game was released in 2011 and features third person view and multiplayer mode.If you are looking for a point-and-click adventure, Telltale Games developed a third person perspective video game titled The Wolf Among Us. It is a single-player only game.The Wolf Among Us by Telltale Games is a third person point-and-click adventure game. It is made for single-player gaming only.The Wolf Among Us is a single-player, third person point-and-click adventure game developed by Telltale Games.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game that is appropriate for everyone.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game rated E.Metro 2033 is an action shooter game with a role-playing angle to it, developed by 4A Games. It can be played on Xbox or PC and is available on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Metro 2033 by 4A Games is an action role-playing shooter available on Steam. It is available on Xbox and PC, but not supported by Mac or Linux.Metro 2033 is an action role-playing shooter by 4A games for Xbox and PC only. This game is available on Steam but not for Linux or Mac.Outlast II is an indie, first person adventure game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. Though it's not available on Linux, it does have a Mac release as well.Outlast II is a first person indie adventure game that was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It does not have a Linux release, but it is available for Mac users.If you're looking for a first person adventure game, check out Outlast II. It's an indie game released on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Mac. It doesn't have a Linux release, however.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter. The game is rated T (for Teen) and has no multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a action-adventure, shooter game. It sports the third person perspective and does not support multiplayer. It is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a single-player, third person shooter with action-adventure themes that is rated T (for Teen).Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Mac and Linux. It is also available on Steam.Superhot is an indie first person shooter with tactical elements that is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and runs even on Linux and Mac. You can get it on Steam.Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter game that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is also available on Steam, and for the Mac and Linux operating systems.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent, action-adventure, role-playing game played in third person perspective. It is rated M (for Mature). It can't be played multiplayer.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person, action-adventure, role-playing game that does not support multiplayer. It has an M (for Mature) rating and received excellent reviews.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent third person action-adventure role-playing game with no multiplayer, and it's rated M (for Mature).Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game with poor ratings.If you like indie trivia/board games, then you will probably want to skip the poor Small World 2.Small World 2 is just one out of many examples of an indie game falling on its face. The indie trivia/board game was critically panned on release, mustering a poor rating.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG released in 2014 that is quite average compared to other games in this genre, despite allowing first person perspective, as well as third person.A decent game to try is the MMORPG The Elder Scrolls Online, released in 2014. You can play it in first person or third person perspective.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG released on 2014. It is played in either first person or third person.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good turn-based strategy game played from a bird view perspective. It has a multiplayer mode, and is rated E (for Everyone).Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game rated E (for Everyone). The bird view strategy game offers multiplayer and has been reviewed as good.The turn-based strategy, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, has a bird view perspective and offers a multiplayer mode. It's a good game, and it was rated E (for Everyone).Driver is a third person driving/racing simulation game.That reminds me of Driver, it's also a third person driving/racing sim.Driver is a driving/racing and simulation game that has been done in the third person perspective.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG from 2014 with average ratings.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG from 2014.The Elder Scrolls Online, released in 2014, is an average MMORPG.Little Big Adventure is an average action-adventure game developed by Adeline Software International that was released in 1994.Little Big Adventure is an action-adventure game from 1994. It was made by Adeline Software international and received average ratings.Little Big Adventure was average. Adeline Software International released this action-adventure game in 1994.StarCraft is a game for the PC that was released in 1998. This game is a multiplayer real-time strategy game that is available on Mac, but not on Steam or Linux.You might find StarCraft fun. It's a multiplayer RTS from 1998 for PC. It's not available on Steam and has Mac support, but no Linux support.StarCraft is a real-time strategy with multiplayer and is available on PC. It is not available on Steam and does not have a Linux release, but it is available for Mac. It was released in 1998.Trivial Pursuit is a poorly-rated trivia/board game that was released in 2009.Trivial Pursuit is a rather poor trivia/board game that was released in 2009.Trivial Pursuit came out back in 2009 and it got mostly negative reviews. It's a board game where you answer trivia questions, and it's not very well-executed.The real-time strategy simulator Stronghold 2 is a PC game that was released in 2005 to average reception. It has no Mac or Linux options and offers gamers a bird view perspective.Stronghold 2 is an average real-time strategy simulation game that came out in 2005 for PC only. The perspective is a bird view in the game, and there is no Linux or Mac release.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game for the PC with average ratings. It has a bird view and was released in 2005. There is no Linux or Mac release.NBA 2K16 is a good sport game with third person perspective.NBA 2K16 is a good sport game that is only in the third person.NBA 2K16 is a good third person sports game.The M-rated Grand Theft Auto V is a first and third person shooter with driving and action-adventure elements. The game also features a multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure game that also has driving/racing and shooter mechanics in it. It has multiplayer and can be played in either the first person or third person perspective. It is rated M (for Mature).Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure game that includes driving/racing and shooting. It is played in both the third person and first person perspectives, and can be played with your friends. Be aware, it is rated M (for Mature).Need for Speed: Payback a teen-rated racing game released in 2017. It can be played on multiple platforms, such as PlayStation, Xbox, or PC, but has no release for Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Payback is a 2017 racing game, rated T (for Teen). It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and does not have a Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Payback is a racing game that's rated T (for Teen). It was released in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with no Mac or Linux versions.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is a third person MMORPG to be released on August 14, 2018 for PC.The third person MMORPG, World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, is being released on August 14, 2018, for PC only though.Keep on the lookout for the new third person MMORPG World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth. It is expected to be released on August 14, 2018, only on PC.The indie game Never Alone is an adventure platformer that was released in 2014.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer from 2014.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer that was released 2014.Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The game involves puzzle solving and is played in third person view. Silent Hill 2 is rated M (for Mature) and has excellent reviews.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game with third person perspective. Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo developed this game that is rated M (for Mature).Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure puzzle game. The game was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo and was rated M (for Mature).Little Nightmares is a good side view platformer with puzzles and adventure. You can get it on Steam, and it was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Linux, but not for Mac.Little Nightmares is a good adventure side view platformer with puzzle solving. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is supported on Linux. Although you can get it on Steam, it is not supported on Mac.Little Nightmares is a good adventure and puzzle platformer with a side view perspective. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam. It has a Linux release, but not a Mac release.You'd like World of Warcraft, it's a good adventure MMORPG rated T (for Teen) on the PC. There's no Linux release, but there is a Mac release.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG for PC. It was released with a T (for Teen) rating. Currently, it has a Mac release, but no Linux release.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG game for PC and Mac. It's not available for Linux. The game is rated T (for Teen).If you want a sport simulation game with multiplayer, try NHL 15. It gives players a bird view perspective, and is an overall average game. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15 is merely an average hockey simulation and sports game played from the bird's eye view. NHL 15 was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox and includes a multiplayer function.NHL 15 is an average sport simulation released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox only. The game can be played in multiplayer if you want, and has a bird's eye view.BioShock is a single-player action-adventure, role-playing shooter rated M (for Mature). It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is available on Steam. It operates on Mac but not on Linux.BioShock is a role-playing, action-adventure shooter that released on multiple platforms. You can enjoy the game on PlayStation, Xbox or PC. It is also available on Steam and was released on Mac, just not on Linux. There is no multiplayer in BioShock, which might help keep the kids away as it is rated M (for mature).BioShock is an action-adventure shooter role-playing game for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There's Mac support but no Linux and no multiplayer. It's rated M (for Mature).A good hack-and-slash role-player is Diablo II. There is multiplayer available for it, as well.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with good ratings, and it also has a multiplayer option.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing game that does have a multiplayer.You may like Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos. It's a bird's eye view RTS from 2002 for the PC, but it's not available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a PC game that was released in 2002. This is a real-time strategy game that is played in bird view perspective. This game is unfortunately not available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy PC game. It was created in 2002 and offers a bird view perspective. It isn't available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure role-playing game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's available on Steam, but does not offer multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a role-playing, adventure game available on Steam. It is not available as a multiplayer game. You can play it on PlayStation, Nintendo, Xbox, and on your PC.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a role-playing adventure game that has no multiplayer. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it is available on Steam.Stronghold 2 is and multiplayer RTS sim from 2005. It's rated T (for Teen) and is available on the PC through Steam.A real-time strategy and simulation game that has multiplayer is Stronghold 2. It was released in 2005 and rated T (for Teen). It is only available on PC and that through Steam.Stronghold 2 is a 2005 real-time strategy and simulation game rated T (for Teen). You can play it on PC only and, of course, it is available on Steam. The game has a multiplayer mode too.Rocket League is a vehicular combat and sport game with a wide release on multiple platforms. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, with Linux, Mac, and Steam support.Rocket League is a sport game using vehicular combat. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo Switch. Via Steam, it can be purchased on PC, Linux and Mac.Rocket League is a sport vehicular combat game available on Steam. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, and Mac.Rocket League is a 2015 vehicular combat, sports game with options for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC, including support for Mac and Linux.The 2015 sport and vehicular combat game Rocket League is available on many platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC with Mac and Linux support.Rocket League is a vehicular combat and sports based game released in 2015 across many platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. Rocket League even has both a Linux release and a Mac release.If you want an average quality role-playing text adventure game on PC, try The Forest of Doom. It is available for Linux and Mac, too.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game for PC only, with a Linux and Mac release too. If you enjoy such games, you might find this one pretty decent.The Forest of Doom is an average game for the PC, Linux, and Mac. It's a role-playing, text adventure game.Rated M (for Mature), Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter jam packed full of thrilling moments. Available on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and the PC platforms (through Steam), but has no Mac or Linux release in sight.If you're looking for an action-adventure shooter game, you should try Resident Evil 4. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it's available on Steam. It doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's rated M (for Mature).Resident Evil 4 is an M (for Mature) rated action-adventure shooting game that came out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Mac or Linux release yet.Rocket League is a third person sports and vehicular combat game available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It has a Linux and a Mac release too.Rocket League is a third person vehicular combat sports game. It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, and Mac.Rocket League is a third person vehicular combat sports game released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, Linux, and Mac.Portal 2 is an excellent puzzle platformer and first person shooter. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and was released in 2011.Portal 2, released in 2011, is an excellent first person platformer, puzzle, and shooter game. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Portal 2 is a first person platformer with shooter and puzzle elements. It was released in 2011 and received a ESRB rating of E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). Overall, the game received excellent ratings.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 Xbox music game released by Konami. It is rated E (for Everyone), but it has poor ratings.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3, released in 2008 from Konami, is a poorly rated music-related game for the Xbox. It has an ESRB rating of E (for Everyone).Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a 2008 music game by Konami. You can play it on Xbox. It's poorly rated by users and is rated E (for Everyone).NHL 15 is a bird view simulation sport game. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox.NHL 15 is a simulation sports game played from a bird view that was released in 2014 on PlayStation and Xbox.If you are interested in sports simulation games, try NHL 15 from 2014. It was released for PlayStation and Xbox and is played from a bird view.StarCraft is a pretty good bird view real-time strategy game. It was originally released in 1998 and has multiplayer.StarCraft is a fun real-time strategy from 1998. It has a bird view and features a multiplayer mode.StarCraft was released in 1998 as a real-time strategy played from the bird view perspective. It is a good game and even has a multiplayer mode.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy released in 1999. The player sees the world from a bird view.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a bird view turn-based strategy game. It was released in 1999.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a bird view turn-based strategy game from 1999.BioShock was released in 2007 by 2K Boston. It's a good action-adventure, role-playing, shooter game, that you play in first person. There is no multiplayer mode.BioShock is a 2007 action-adventure, role-playing, first person shooter from 2K Boston. It does not have multiplayer but has good reviews.The 2007 video game BioShock is a good role-playing action-adventure shooter by 2K Boston. It does not offer any multiplayer option however and can only be played in first person mode.There is this tactical strategy game that I played with my friends recently, Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released in 1998 by Pyro Studios. You play it from the bird view perspective, and it has a multiplayer mode.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was released in 1998 by Pyro Studios. It was a tactical strategy game that is played in a bird view perspective. It is a multiplayer game.In 1998 Pyro Studios released Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, a tactical strategy game that allowed you to play in multiplayer with a bird's eye perspective.The Room by Fireproof Games is an indie point-and-click single-player puzzle game. It has excellent ratings.Fireproof Games released an indie puzzle game, The Room. This point-and-click game has received excellent ratings, but has no multiplayer option.The Room, an excellent point-and-click puzzle game, is available from developer Fireproof Games. However excellent the ratings are, this indie title lacks multiplayer support.A poor multiplayer driving/racing game is Need For Speed: Payback. It was released on PlayStation and Xbox. It was on PC, too, but not on Mac, nor Linux. It is rated T (for Teen).The PlayStation and Xbox game, Need for Speed: Payback, is a suitable game for teenagers, as it offers driving/racing multiplayer features. While the game is not an option for Linux or Mac users, it is available for PC despite the poor ratings.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor driving racing type game that has a T rating and featured multiplayer modes. It could be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a 2003 action-adventure shooter developed by Core Design. There is no multiplayer mode available.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released in 2003 by Core Design. It is an action-adventure shooter game, but has no multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released by Core Design in 2003. It's an action-adventure shooter game that does not offer a multiplayer mode.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a fun 1999 turn-based strategy game.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a 1999 turn-based strategy game with good ratings.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game that was released in 1999 and has received overall good ratings.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 from Neversoft Entertainment is a sports game from 2001 with average ratings. It features multiplayer and has a third person perspective.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a multiplayer sport game released in 2001 by Neversoft Entertainment. It has a third person perspective and average ratings.If you're into skating games, you'll probably enjoy Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It's a game developed by Neversoft Entertainment back in 2001, but it had average reception. It's a third person sports game with multiplayer, so you can challenge your friends.Little Big Adventure was released in 1994. It's an action-adventure game with average user ratings that you play in third person.Little Big Adventure is an average action-adventure game played in the third person that was released in 1994.In the year of 1994, Little Big Adventure was released. This action-packed adventure game is played in the third person and has average ratings.NBA 2K19 by Visual Concepts is a sport game. It is expected out on September 11, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.NBA 2k19 will be released on September 11, 2018 by developer Visual Concepts. The sport game will be available on the following platforms: PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch consoles, as well as PC.NBA 2K19 is a sport game developed by Visual Concepts. It is set to release on September 11, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC.Dirt: Showdown is an average multiplayer sport racing game playable in first or third person. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Dirt: Showdown is a first and third person sport racing game with average ratings. It is a multiplayer game and rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Dirt: Showdown is a first and third person sport racing game that received average ratings from fans. The game has an E 10+ rating and offers multiplayer support.God of War is a third person, action-adventure role-playing platformer released on PlayStation in 2018. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and has excellent ratings. It has no multiplayer.Developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio in 2018, God of War is an excellent single-player third person platformer made exclusively for PlayStation. The action-adventure storyline involves role-playing as one of the dynamic characters.God of War is an excellent 2018 PlayStation game developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio. It doesn't have multiplayer. It is an action-adventure platformer with a third person perspective that even involves role-playing.BioShock is a good action-adventure, role-playing, first person shooter that came out in 2007.BioShock is a good first person shooter action-adventure role-playing game that was released in 2007.BioShock is a good action-adventure role-playing game that came out in 2007 and is a first person shooter.The Sims is a good simulation-strategy game set in bird view. It came out in 2000, and it is single-player only.The Sims is a simulation strategy game with a bird's eye view. Originally released in 2000, the game received positive reviews from players despite its lack of multiplayer.The Sims is a simulation strategy that has been around since 2000, and has good ratings. While I was disappointed that it didn't have a multiplayer mode, I enjoyed the bird view perspective.If you are into sport simulation games, you should check our FIFA 12, in which you can switch between bird view and side view perspectives. It was released back in 2011 by EA Canada, got an average rating, and was rated E (for Everyone). You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC.FIFA 12 is an okay sport sim from EA Canada. It came out in 2011 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC and has an E (for Everyone) rating. The game allows you to switch from a bird view to a side view perspective, which is a nice feature.EA Canada released the sport simulation game, FIFA 12, on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It's just an average game in its category, but you can switch between playing from the bird's eye view and the side view perspective. The game from 2011 is suitable for all audiences.If you like action-adventure third person shooter games, then you should try the video game released in 2016 called Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. It has an excellent rating but is released only on the PlayStation.An excellent third person shooter for PlayStation is a game called Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. This action-adventure game actually came out in 2016.If you have a PlayStation, I have an action-adventure third person shooter that you cannot pass up. With its excellent rating, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a must-play-now if you haven't played it since it was released in 2016.There have been good ratings for Hazelight Studios release of the action and adventure packed A Way Out in 2018.A Way Out is a good action-adventure game that came out in 2018 by Hazelight Studios.A Way Out is an action-adventure game developed by Hazelight Studios released in 2018. The game received good reviews from players.If you like third person action-adventure role-playing platformers, then you should try the game released in 2018 by SIE Santa Monica Studio called God of War. It has an excellent rating, but unfortunately has no multiplayer.God of War is an excellent single-player action-adventure game, and it has elements of third person role-playing platformer games. The game was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio and released in 2018.God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure platformer with role-playing elements. It was developed by SIE Santa Monica Studio in 2018. Unfortunately, it has no multiplayer mode.The Room is an excellent puzzle game developed by Fireproof Games. It's an indie point-and-click game that you should definitely try.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click game with puzzles. It was developed by Fireproof Games.The Room is a great indie point-and-click puzzle game made by Fireproof Games.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click puzzle game released in 2012.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click puzzle game from 2012.The Room is a 2012 indie point-and-click puzzle game with excellent ratings.RollerCoaster Tycoon is the perfect game for a single-player session. With its players rating it well, this simulation strategy is a must-have if you own an Xbox or PC.RollerCoaster Tycoon is considered a good simulation, strategy game for Xbox and PC. It does not feature multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good single-player simulation strategy game for Xbox and PC.Superhot is an indie first person shooter with tactical elements that came out in 2016. It received decent reviews, and it's rated T (for Teen).Superhot is an average indie tactical first person shooter game from 2016. It is rated T (for Teen).Superhot is an average-rated indie first person tactical shooter. It came out in 2016 and is rated T (for Teen).Resident Evil 4 came out in 2005, and many hail it as the game that redefined the action-adventure shooter genre.If you are looking for an action-adventure shooter, I can recommend Resident Evil 4. It is a game from 2005.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter from 2005.Mafia is a driving/racing, fighting, shooter game out for PlayStation, Xbox, PC.Mafia was released on PC, PlayStation, and Xbox. As a game about a mob footsoldier, it was built on fighting, shooting, and driving (Sometimes in competitive races).Mafia is driving/racing, fighting, shooter game released on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Rollcage is a decent action racing game with multiplayer. It was released in 1999 and is rated E (for Everyone).Rollcage is an E-rated action racing game with multiplayer. It came out in 1999 to middle-of-the-road ratings, no pun intended.While rated E (for Everyone) by the ESRB, Rollcage isn't really for everyone, as evidenced by its middling rating. It's a multiplayer action racing game from 1999.Half-Life 2 is a shooter game developed for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is currently available on Steam with releases for Linux and Mac.If you're looking for a shooter game available both on Mac and Linux, you should try Half-Life 2. Besides PC, it was released for PlayStation and Xbox, and for Windows it's available on Steam.Half-Life 2 is a shooter game that can be played on PC, Xbox, and PlayStation. Steam, Linux, and Mac all have the game available.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game that came out in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no multiplayer function. This game is available on Steam, but not for Linux or Mac.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game that was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam. It was not released on Linux or Mac, and it does not have a multiplayer mode.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a single-player indie adventure game from 2014. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not on Mac or Linux. It is available on Steam.Undertale is an indie bird view adventure role-playing game. It runs on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is also on Mac and Linux.Undertale is an indie adventure RPG played in bird view. It is available on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, including releases for Linux and Mac.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game from a bird's eye view. The game was released for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, as well as Linux and Mac.Euro Truck Simulator was released in 2008 by SCS Software, but this game had poor success. If you are looking for a first person driving simulation game, you're better off looking elsewhere.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving sim played in the first person view. SCS Software developed the game in 2008.A rather poorly-rated game from 2008 is SCS Software's Euro Truck Simulator. You can only play this driving simulation game in first person.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that was released in 2004 for PlayStation. It does not have multiplayer.There is an excellent tactical shooter, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, but it is a PlayStation exclusive game. The action and adventure game has no multiplayer. It was released in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is a fantastic tactical action-adventure shooter with a single-player campaign. It originally launched as a PlayStation exclusive in 2004.Madden NFL 15 came out in 2014 to average reviews compared to other games in its genre. It is a third person sports sim with the option of bird view perspective too, and a multiplayer mode.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game released in 2014. The game has both a bird's eye and a third person perspective while offering multiplayer support. The game received average ratings from players.If you like sport simulation games with a third person or bird view perspective, then you should try the 2014 video game called Madden NFL 15. It has an average rating and has multiplayer.Assassin's Creed II was released in 2009, with an M rating. It's an action-adventure platformer game.Assassin's Creed II is a 2009 action-adventure platformer, and it is rated M (for Mature).Assassin's Creed II is an M-rated action-adventure platformer from 2009.Payday 2 is an average role-playing first person shooter that was released in 2013. It was developed by Overkill Software.Overkill Software released an average role-playing shooter called Payday 2 in 2013. The game itself is played from a first person perspective.Payday 2 came out in 2013 from Overkill Software. It's a first person shooter game with role-playing and has received average ratings.Assetto Corsa is a good sport racing simulation game that can be played in either first person or third person. You can play the game on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Linux. It's available on Steam but does not have a Mac release.If you want a good sport racing sim, Assetto Corsa offers driving with both first and third person view. It is on Steam, PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux, but it is not on Mac.Assetto Corsa is a fun sport racing simulator for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game allows the player to switch between first person and third person perspectives. It is currently available on Steam and Linux, but not Mac.If you are looking for an adventure puzzle platformer on either PlayStation, Xbox, or PC, try Little Nightmares. It is available on Steam and has a Linux release. Unfortunately, it is not offered on Mac.Little Nightmares is an adventure platformer involving puzzle solving. It is available on Steam, and runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It runs on Linux, but it is not on Mac.Little Nightmares is an adventure platformer and puzzle game playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It is also available on Steam but has not been supported for release on Linux or Mac.NBA 2k16 was released by Visual Concepts. It's a sports game that features a multiplayer mode. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is also available on Steam.If you are interested in sport games that have multiplayer, try NBA 2K16 from Visual Concepts. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam.The sports game NBA 2K16 by Visual Concepts for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC offers multiplayer action and is available on Steam.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game for PlayStation, with an expected release date of September 7, 2018.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game, and it is expected out on September 7, 2018 for PlayStation.Spider-Man is an upcoming action-adventure, set to be released on September 7, 2018. It will be available only on PlayStation.2010's Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter that is available on Steam, PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Mass Effect 2 was released in 2010. It is third person action-adventure role-playing, shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is available on Steam too.Mass Effect 2, a third person action-adventure shooter RPG, came out in 2010. It's available cross-platform on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam.Battlefield V is an upcoming first person action game. The multiplayer shooter is slated for release on October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is an action first person shooter that came out October 16, 2018. You can play this game multiplayer if you choose.If you are looking for a new multiplayer first person action shooter, check out Battlefield V, which is expected to be released on October 16, 2018.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a 2014 action-adventure shooter game that requires some puzzle solving along the way. It is rated T (for Teen) and has received average ratings. You can play it with your friends in a multiplayer mode.If you like action-adventure shooter games with puzzle solving and a multiplayer mode, then you should try the 2014 video game called Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. It received average ratings and is rated T (for Teen).Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average multiplayer action-adventure shooter that incorporates puzzle solving. It's a game from 2014 with a T (for Teen) rating.Super Mario World is an amazing side view platformer. Nintendo EAD really outdid themselves in 1990 when they made this game for the Nintendo consoles.Super Mario World is a great example of a traditional side view platformer. It came out in 1990 on Nintendo, and was developed by Nintendo EAD.Super Mario World was developed by Nintendo EAD and released in 1990 on the Nintendo consoles. It is a side view perspective platformer which received an excellent rating.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999-released bird's eye view real-time, strategy game. It plays multiplayer, and has good ratings, and it runs on PC and PlayStation. It is not available on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good real-time strategy game from 1999 that is played in a bird view perspective and has multiplayer. This game is available for PlayStation and PC only, but is not on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999 real-time strategy game with good ratings. It has multiplayer, and gives the player a bird's eye perspective. It's available on PlayStation and PC, but is not on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is a multiplayer arcade racing game with good ratings. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux.TrackMania Turbo is a good arcade racing game, which you can also play in multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but there was no release for Linux or Mac.If you're looking for a good multiplayer arcade racing game, try TrackMania Turbo. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not for Linux or Mac.Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulator that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This 2014 game is available on Steam and has a Linux release but no Mac release.Hey, maybe look into Assetto Corsa. It's a 2014 sport racing simulator for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam and has Linux support, but no Mac support.If you are looking for a new driving/racing simulation sport game, Assetto Corsa is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was released in 2014 and is available on Steam. There is a Linux release, but not Mac.Football Manager 2015, by Sports Interactive, is a multiplayer strategy and sport simulation game released in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a strategic sport simulation game with a multiplayer mode. It was developed by Sports Interactive in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a strategy and sport simulation game that was developed by Sports Interactive and released in 2014. It has multiplayer.There's also The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (rated E) from 1998. This single-player game was made by Nintendo EAD and is an excellent rated action-adventure puzzle RPG. It's views are bird and third.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent single-player action-adventure, puzzle, and role-playing game developed by Nintendo EAD. Released in 1998, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time supports both third person and bird view perspectives, and received a rating of E (for Everyone).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure, puzzle RPG by Nintendo EAD, released in 1998 with an E rating (for everyone). It can be played from third person view or bird's eye view. It does not have a multiplayer mode.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter. It was developed by Sledgehammer Games and released in 2014.In 2014 Sledgehammer Games released Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. It's the quintessential action FPS.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare by Sledgehammer Games is a 2014 first person action shooter.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game that was released in 2014 by developer The Astronauts. It's available for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is available for download on Steam. However, it's not supported on Linux or Mac.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an adventure indie game that was released in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC by the developer The Astronauts. It is available for purchase and download on Steam, but it is not supported on Linux and Mac.If you like indie adventure games, then you should try the 2014 video game created by the Astronauts called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam, but it unfortunately has no support for Linux and Mac.Portal 2 is a combination of platformer, puzzle game, and shooter, all from a first person perspective. It's weird to think it came out all the way back in 2011 now.It's hard to believe Portal 2 came out all the way back in 2011. It really redefined the first person platforming puzzle shooter genre.Portal 2 is a puzzle-platforming shooter game with a first person perspective released in 2011. It was developed for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy for PC only, and is not available on Steam.The PC only simulation strategy, Transport Tycoon, is unfortunately not available on Steam.Transport Tycoon is a simulation-strategy game for PC only. It is not available on Steam.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulator.Bus Driver is a poorly-rated indie driving sim.Bus Driver is a poor game by any standard, but maybe fans of indie driving simulation games will like it.Mass Effect 2 is a third person action-adventure role-playing shooter that released in 2010. It received excellent reviews despite its lack of multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 is an excellent game released in 2010. It is an action-adventure, role-playing shooter game, played in the third person. It cannot be played multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 was an amazing game that combined action and adventure, RPG, and shooting elements to the delight of fans and critics in 2010. The game is limited to a third person perspective, and unfortunately there is no multiplayer function.Ubisoft Massive released the first person shooter game, Far Cry 3, in 2012. The game is packed with action and adventure, and thus rated M (for Mature).The first person action-adventure shooter Far Cry 3 was developed by Ubisoft Massive for mature players and released in 2012.Far Cry 3 by Ubisoft Massive is a first person action-adventure shooter. It came out in 2012, and it is rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 was an excellent first person shooter game by Valve Corporation. It didn't have multiplayer though.Half-Life 2 is an excellent first person shooter by Valve Corporation that cannot be played multiplayer.Half-Life 2 is a shooter game by the developer Valve Corporation, It sports the first person perspective though it doesn't have multiplayer. It received excellent ratings.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The sport game is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Linux or Mac. It is not available on Steam.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Payday 2 is a multiplayer FPS with role-playing elements.Payday 2 might be the game you're looking for if you're interested in a role-playing and first person shooter style game with multiplayer capabilities.Payday 2 is a role-playing, first person shooter that can be played in multiplayer with your friends.A good action-adventure shooter game for mature audiences is Max Payne. It was released in 2001 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and was developed by Remedy Entertainment.Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter that came out in 2001. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Its mature themes earned it an M (for Mature) rating.Max Payne was developed by Remedy Entertainment. It was released in 2001 with an M (for Mature) rating. It's a good action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Life is Strange is a role-playing game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam, and has a Linux and Mac release as well.Life is Strange is a role-playing game that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, and also has a Linux and Mac release.Life is Strange is a good RPG available on PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, Mac, and PC through Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-packed adventure game with some fighting, released by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst by EA Digital Illusions CE is an action-adventure, fighting game.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure, role-playing, third person shooter. Though it has no multiplayer mode, it has excellent ratings. It came out in 2010 on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and is available on Steam.Mass Effect 2 is an excellent single-player action-adventure game developed for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2010. The third person shooter incorporates role-playing elements and is currently available on Steam.Mass Effect 2 was released in 2010. It's an excellent third person, role-playing shooter game with action-adventure elements. No multiplayer mode is available. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is a good arcade racing game. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and it is on Steam. It is not released on Linux or Mac.If you like arcade driving/racing games, try out TrackMania Turbo. It has received good ratings and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can find it on Steam, but there is no Linux or Mac release.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade racing game with good ratings. It is available on Steam. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not released for Mac or Linux.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice defies expectations of indie adventure games. It's an amazing third person hack-and-slash game, you'll love it. You can get it on PC through Steam, PlayStation, or Xbox.One of my favorite indie, hack-and-slash adventures with a third person perspective is Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. It is an excellent game. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC, and is available on Steam.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent third person hack-and-slash adventure game. This indie title is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, that is also on Steam.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game. It was released on PC, Linux, and Mac. It was rated as poor by the users.Small World 2 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game. It is available for PC, and it also is available on Mac and Linux platforms.Small World 2 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game released for PC. It also has releases for both Linux and Mac.Assassin's Creed II is an action-adventure platformer that was released by Ubisoft Montreal. It is played in the third person.Assassin's Creed II was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and is a third person action-adventure platformer.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer developed by Ubisoft Montreal.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie, adventure, hack-and-slash game that's available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. You can also get it from Steam, but it does not have Linux or Mac releases.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie hack-and-slash adventure game available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not on Linux or Mac.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie adventure, hack-and-slash game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available for Steam, however, it is not out for Linux or even Mac.An average quality sport simulation driving/racing game is F1 2014. It gives players a first or third person perspective. It was released in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam.F1 2014 is an average sport racing sim with both first and third person perspectives. Released in 2014, you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available through Steam.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport racing simulator with first and third person perspectives. It was released onto PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. It has average reviews.If you are looking for a sports game with good ratings, you should check out NBA 2K16.\NBA 2K16 is a good sports game.NBA 2K16 is a good sports game.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game that came out in 2009. It was developed by Beenox for PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo and though it has multiplayer support, it has received some low ratings.The 2009 music genre video game, Guitar Hero: Smash Hits developed by Beenox received poor ratings. The first person PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo title does however offer multiplayer features.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a music game that came out in 2009 by Beenox, but has a poor rating. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. Guitar Hero has multiplayer functionality and is in the first person.Metroid Prime Pinball was developed by Fuse Games, and was released in 2005. It's an average pinball, puzzle game for the Nintendo. There is a multiplayer mode.Metroid Prime Pinball by Fuse Games is an average-rated multiplayer pinball, puzzle game for Nintendo. It came out in 2005.Metroid Prime Pinball was released by Fuse Games for Nintendo consoles in 2005, and features a puzzle pinball gameplay. It received only average reviews, but it has a multiplayer mode.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was developed by Evolution Studios, and was released in 2011 with a rating of T (for Teen). It's a poor third person vehicular combat game for PlayStation.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poorly reviewed 2011 game. It is a third person vehicular combat game that was made for PlayStation. It was developed by Evolution Studios and was rated T.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poor vehicular combat game that came out in 2011 by Evolution Studios. This third person game is rated T (for Teen) and is available on PlayStation only.Rollcage will have you racing through an action narrative in the third person.Maybe try Rollcage, it's an action third person racing game.For a third person action racing game, you might want to give Rollcage a shot.The action and strategy game, Super Bomberman, was released in 1993 with a bird view and has no multiplayer. This game has received average ratings.Super Bomberman is a 1993 bird view action and strategy game. It is for single-player gaming only and has average ratings.If you enjoy action-strategy games, try Super Bomberman. The game was released in 1993 and has received average ratings. It plays out from a bird view perspective, but has no multiplayer support.The excellent 2016 release of the action-adventure and shooter game Uncharted 4: A Thief's End features a multiplayer mode that is ideal for teenagers. The third person title is only available on PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure shooter for PlayStation only. The game came out in 2016 and is rated T (for Teen). You can play this third person game in multiplayer if you want.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an awesome action-adventure third person shooter game for the PlayStation that came out in 2016. It features multiplayer and is rated T (for Teen).Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game that can be played either in bird view or third person view.The excellent Final Fantasy VII is a third person role-playing adventure game that also allows you to switch to a bird view perspective.Final Fantasy VII is a bird view and third person adventure role-playing game. It has excellent ratings.If you like indie adventure platformers with a side view, you may be interested in Never Alone.One of the indie games I have played is Never Alone, an adventure side view platformer.Let's play Never Alone, it's an indie adventure-platformer with a side view perspective.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good role-playing adventure game that offers both first person and third person perspectives. Enjoy on platforms like PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC or download via Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good first and third person role-playing adventure game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and it is available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure and role-playing game playable in first person or third person. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, and it's available on Steam.The Last of Us is a 2013 action-adventure third person shooter. You can play alone or multiplayer, and it has excellent ratings.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure game with shooter elements from 2013. The game is limited to a third person perspective, but it has multiplayer so you can play with your friends.The Last of Us is a great multiplayer third person shooter game with a lot of action and adventure. It was released in 2013.NBA 2K19 is a sports game by Visual Concepts, and it is expected to be released on September 11, 2018.NBA 2K19 is a sports game developed by Visual Concepts, expected to be released on September 11, 2018.NBA 2K19 is a sports game that will be released on September 11, 2018 by the developer Visual Concepts.Undertale's developer tobyfox developed an indie single-player game that will satisfy fans of the adventure role-playing genre.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game by tobyfox. There is no multiplayer mode in the game.Undertale is an indie game by tobyfox which combines the genres of adventure and role-play. It has no multiplayer options.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game that offers a first person and a third person view. The game is currently available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam, currently it is not available on Linux or Mac. The reviews for this game are average.Need for Speed: Shift is an okay racing sim. You can play in third or first person, and you can get it on Steam for PC, or play it on PlayStation or Xbox. There is no Mac or Linux release.Need for Speed: Shift is an okay racing simulator. With either first person or third person view, you can enjoy driving on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. Although you will find it on Steam, there is no Mac or Linux release.Ori and the Blind Forest from Moon Studios came out in 2015. It has no multiplayer, but is a side view adventure puzzle platformer on Xbox and PC through Steam.Moon Studios came out with a side view puzzle, adventure, platformer game called Ori and the Blind Forest in 2015. You will have to play alone because it doesn't have multiplayer mode but it can be played on Xbox, and PC. You can even find it on Steam.Ori and the Blind forest was released by Moon Studios in 2015 on Xbox and PC via Steam. The single-player game blends together adventure, platforming and puzzles, and you play from a side view perspective.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy game from 2011. It is available for PC, but not available for Linux or Mac.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released for the PC in 2011, but not for Linux or Mac. It's a role-playing turn-based strategy game.Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released in 2011. It is a role-playing, turn-based strategy game that is available on PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game.Little Big Adventure is a third person action game loaded with tons of adventure.Little Big Adventure is a third person action-adventure game.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India by Climax Studios is a side view action-adventure, platformer. This single-player game from 2016 has poor ratings.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer with a side view by Climax Studios. It was released in 2016. The game has no multiplayer mode.For a single-player, side view action-adventure platformer, try Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Released in 2016 by Climax Studios, it has received poor reviews.Trivial Pursuit was released in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo by the developer Electronic Arts. It is a poorly rated multiplayer trivia/board game.Trivial Pursuit is a poor 2009 trivia/board game developed by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation and Nintendo. It has multiplayer.Electronic Arts released a multiplayer trivia/board game, Trivial Pursuit in 2009. It was available for the PlayStation and Nintendo consoles only and received a poor rating.NBA 2k16 was released in 2015 with good reviews. The sport game is available on PlayStation and Xbox consoles, and on PC through the Steam store. This game also has a multiplayer mode available.NBA 2K16 is a good sport game for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It was released in 2015 and is available on Steam. The game features a multiplayer mode.NBA 2K16 was released in 2015. It is a good sports game, that includes a multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and you can also get it for Steam.Quantum Break is an adventure shooter game that was released in 2016. It was rated M (for Mature).Quantum Break is an adventure shooter that was released in the year 2016, and is rated M (for Mature).Quantum Break is a 2016 adventure shooter that was rated M (for Mature).BioShock is an action-adventure shooter with some role-playing to it. The developers, 2K Boston, did not equip it with a multiplayer mode, but it can still be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can play it on Mac, but there is no Linux release.BioShock by 2K Boston is an action-adventure shooter-RPG for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There's no Linux release or multiplayer, but there is Mac support.Developed by 2K Boston, BioShock is a single-player shooter game that will have you role-playing through a well constructed action-adventure narrative. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Mac and PC, but is not available for Linux.Mass Effect 2 was a great start to 2010, getting excellent reviews for its smooth mix of shooting, role-playing, action and adventure. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC (via Steam), though sadly not on Linux or Mac.Mass Effect 2 came out in 2010 and is an excellent role-playing shooter. The action-adventure game is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Linux or Mac, but is on Steam.Mass Effect 2, released in 2010, is a favorite with a an excellent consumer rating. This action-adventure role-playing shooter is available on Steam, as well as for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no Linux or Mac release.SpellForce 3 is poorly-rated real-time strategy, role-playing game in bird view. It has multiplayer mode.SpellForce 3 is a bird view role-playing real-time strategy game. It has a poor rating, but has multiplayer.SpellForce 3 is a poorly reviewed game. It is a role-playing real-time strategy game played from a bird's eye view. It has multiplayer in it.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a 1998 tactical strategy game with a bird view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy that came out in 1998. It plays out from a bird view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game played with a bird view. It was released in 1998.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game developed by Konami. It has an E (for Everyone) rating and received poor ratings from players. The game is available for Xbox.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3, developed by Konami, is a music game available exclusively on Xbox, with an overall poor rating. It is appropriate for all age groups.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poorly rated music game. It is rated E (for Everyone). It was made by Konami and runs on Xbox only.An excellent action-adventure puzzle game is Silent Hill 2 from 2001.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game from 2001.Silent Hill 2 is a great action-adventure puzzle game released in 2001.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a 2005 action-tactical multiplayer game, and it is set in first and third person.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game that came out in 2005. This game can be played from either the first person or third person perspective, and you can play multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game that was released in 2005. It has multiplayer capabilities and is played in first and third person perspective.Bus Driver by SCS Software is a poorly rated single-player indie driving simulator that came out in 2014.In 2014, SCS Software released an indie driving simulation game, called Bus Driver. This game has no multiplayer and received rather negative ratings.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulation game by SCS Software from 2014. It does not even feature multiplayer.If you like multiplayer, third person vehicular combat, give MotorStorm: Apocalypse a try. It was released in 2011 on PlayStation. Rated T (for Teen), the game has generally low likeability.MotorStorm: Apocalypse, released in 2011 for PlayStation, is a poorly rated vehicular combat game played in third person. It is a multiplayer game rated T (for Teen).MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a PlayStation exclusive, vehicular combat game for teens that came out in 2011. It is played in third person, and you can play alone or multiplayer with friends. Its rating is pretty low, but it might be worth trying.TrackMania Turbo from 2016 is played in the third and first person view. It's an arcade racing game.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade driving/racing game that is both first person and third person. It was released in 2016.TrackMania Turbo is a 2016 arcade racing game in which you can switch between first and third person view.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter released for PlayStation and PC. The single-player game was released in 2003. The game does have a Mac release, but does not offer a release for Linux.If you're into third person shooters, you might like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. It came out in 2003, and it does not have multiplayer, but it is full of action and adventure. You can grab it on PlayStation and PC, and it even has a Mac version, but unfortunately there's no Linux release.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness from 2003 is an action-adventure third person shooter without multiplayer. It is on PlayStation and PC. No Linux, but there is Mac support.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a decent action-adventure fighting game by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an average action-adventure fighting game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighting game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE. It received average ratings among fans.Also from 2010 is Mass Effect 2, rated M (for Mature). It's a third person action-adventure shooter RPG with no multiplayer.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure shooter RPG back from 2010, presented through the perspective of a third person. Just be aware that it doesn't have any multiplayer and the themes can get kind of dark and violent, so naturally it has an M rating.If you enjoy role-playing games with action-adventure characteristics try Mass Effect 2, the third person shooter which was released in 2010. It is for more mature players and has no multiplayer feature.Crysis was released in 2007. It's a first person action-adventure shooter game. You can get it for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's also available on Steam, though Linux and Mac support was dropped.Crysis is a 2007 action-adventure, first person shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It's currently not supported on Linux or Mac.Crysis is an action-adventure first person shooter that was released in 2007 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Mac or Linux release.For puzzle RPG lovers, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was released in 1998 by Nintendo EAD. However, it's only for the Nintendo consoles. It is rated E (for Everyone). It is an excellent action-adventure game that can be played both from a third person or a bird view perspective.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time came out in 1998 and is an excellent action-adventure puzzle RPG by Nintendo EAD. The game, rated E (for Everyone), is only available on Nintendo consoles. The game has a third person view, but it also provides a bird view perspective.For an excellent puzzle role-playing game, try The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. This action-adventure gives players a bird view or third person perspective. Developed by Nintendo EAD, it was released in 1998 for Nintendo and is rated E (for Everyone).World of Warcraft by Blizzard Entertainment was released in 2004. It's an adventure MMORPG that is played in the third person.World of Warcraft is a third person adventure MMORPG released in 2004 and developed by Blizzard Entertainment.World of Warcraft is a third person adventure MMORPG. It was developed by Blizzard Entertainment and released in 2004.Superhot is an average indie tactical shooter from 2016. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is supported on both Mac and Linux systems. You can download the game from Steam.Superhot, an indie tactical shooter with middling ratings, arrived in 2016 and is available for play on Xbox, PC, and PlayStation. You can find it on Steam, and it is even supported on Linux and Mac.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter with overall average reviews. It's available on all platforms; PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, Mac, and originally launched on PC through Steam in 2016.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average-rated 2014 indie adventure game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game that came out in 2014.The 2014 indie game, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, is a decent adventure game.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure game that came out in 2015 and is rated E (for Everyone). This role-playing game has a bird view perspective.Undertale is an excellent indie adventure role-playing game released in 2015. It is rated E (for Everyone) and is played from bird view perspective.An excellent adventure game, Undertale, was released in 2015 and rated E (for Everyone). This indie role-playing game has a bird view perspective.Need for Speed: Payback is a poorly-rated driving/racing game from 2017. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not out on Mac or Linux, and is not on Steam.Need for Speed: Payback is a driving/racing game that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2017. It isn't not available on Steam or for the Mac and Linux. It received overall poor ratings.Need for Speed: Payback is a poor driving/racing game that released in 2017 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It isn't available on Steam and doesn't have a Linux or Mac version.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter rated M (for Mature).Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter game. It has an M (for Mature) rating.Far Cry 3 is a good first person shooter. The action-adventure game is rated M (for Mature).BioShock, by 2K Boston, is a 2007 shooter RPG with an action-adventure progression through the story.In 2007, 2K Boston released BioShock. It is an action-adventure role-playing shooter game.BioShock is an action-adventure, shooter RPG by the developer 2K Boston in 2007.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game developed by Blizzard Entertainment. It's available on PC, but not on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos, developed by Blizzard Entertainment, is a real-time strategy game playable on PC only. It has not become available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was developed by Blizzard Entertainment. It's a real-time strategy game for PC. It isn't available on Steam.Little Big Adventure is an average third person action-adventure game with no multiplayer that is rated T (for Teen). It was developed by Adeline Software International and released in 1994.An average-rated action-adventure game from 1994 is Little Big Adventure. It was released by Adeline Software International and has a T (for Teen) rating. It's a third person perspective game with no multiplayer.Little Big Adventure is an average-rated third person action-adventure for single-player gaming. It came out in 1994 by Adeline Software International and is rated T (for Teen).Transport Tycoon is a 1994 simulation strategy game with average ratings.Transport Tycoon is an average simulation strategy game released in 1994.Transport Tycoon is an okay simulation strategy game released in 1994.The Room is an excellent indie point-and-click game with fun puzzle solving.This indie game, The Room, is an excellent puzzle point-and-click experience.You should try the Room, it's an excellent point-and-click indie puzzle game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure, puzzle-shooter with average ratings.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris, an action-adventure shooter game with puzzle elements, has been receiving average ratings.Skyforge is a third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG. This game was released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but not on Linux and Mac. It was rated poorly by players.If you're looking for a third person adventure game, Skyforge is a hack-and-slash MMORPG with rather poor ratings. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but is not supported on Mac or Linux.Skyforge is a poor third person hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG. The game was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing, turn-based strategy with a bird view. It got poor reviews and was rated T (for Teen).Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne received mostly negative ratings. It's a turn-based strategy RPG that you play from a bird's eye view. It was rated T (for Teen).Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a bird view turn-based strategy RPG. The game was reviewed poorly and is rated T (for Teen).Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game with multiplayer in the bird view perspective. It was released in 2000 and received overall good reviews.Diablo II is a bird view hack-and-slash RPG with multiplayer. It was released in 2000 to good reviews.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing game with a bird view. It has a multiplayer mode and was released in 2000.Small World 2 is a multiplayer indie trivia/board game. It was developed by Days of Wonder for PC, and you can get it on Steam.Small World 2 is a multiplayer trivia/board game available on Steam for PC. It was released by the indie developer Days of Wonder.Small World 2 from Days of Wonder is an indie trivia/board game with multiplayer for the PC through Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings from 1999 is a real-time strategy game. Play using a traditional bird view, and join your friends in a multiplayer mode.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, released in 1999, is a real-time strategy game played in bird view. It is a multiplayer game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999-released real-time strategy game set in bird view. It has a multiplayer mode.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good action-tactical game released in 2005. The game allows the player to switch between first person and third person perspectives.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first and third person tactical action game released in 2005. The game received good ratings.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory from 2005 is a good tactical action game with first and third person views.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good tactical action game that was never released on Mac or Linux, but it's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. You can play in first or third person.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good action, tactical game that can be played in third person or switched over to first person. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but can't be played on Linux or Mac.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good first and third person action-tactical game. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, but it is not out for Linux or Mac.Worms: Reloaded is an average action and strategy platformer with multiplayer that was developed by Team17 Digital Ltd. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older).Worms: Reloaded is a multiplayer action platformer with strategy elements, developed by Team17 Digital Ltd. The game is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and was released to average reviews.Worms: Reloaded is a game developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, and it is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). The game is a platformer with strategy elements and multiplayer action. It has received average ratings.Naughty Dog released Uncharted 4: A Thief's End for the PlayStation in 2016. It's an excellent third person shooter action-adventure game with multiplayer.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was released in 2016 by developer Naughty Dog. This game has excellent reviews and is available on the PlayStation console. You play in the third person perspective and you also get to play with your friends in the multiplayer mode. It's an action-adventure game that also has a shooter element to it.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure game that came out in 2016 by Naughty Dog. The third person shooter also has multiplayer, but is only available on PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a fantastic action-adventure shooter from 2016. It's a PlayStation exclusive.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent action-adventure shooter. It was out for PlayStation in 2016.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End from 2016 is an excellent action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter game that came out in 2005. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo or PC. It's available on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It's rated M (for Mature).Resident Evil 4 from 2005 is an action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC through Steam. It's rated M (for Mature), and there's no Linux or Mac support.Resident Evil 4 is an action-adventure shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It was released in 2005 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It is available on Steam but doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation game by EA Tiburon, released in 2014. This game offers a bird's eye view and a third person perspective and is available on PlayStation and Xbox only.EA Tiburon released Madden NFL 15 in 2014 to mixed but average reviews. It's a typical third person bird's eye sports sim only available on PlayStation and Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is an average simulation sport game from 2014 by EA Tiburon. The game features a bird view and third person perspective and is available for PlayStation and Xbox.Portal 2 is a platforming first person shooter with puzzles and was released on PlayStation and PC, including Mac. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and available on Steam, though it is not supported on Linux.Portal 2 is a first person, platformer, puzzle, shooter game that is made for everyone 10 and older. It can be played on PlayStation, PC and is available on Steam. It does not have a Linux release, but it was released on Mac.Portal 2 is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is a first person platformer puzzle game with shooting elements, and is available currently on PlayStation, PC, Steam and Mac, but not on Linux.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a fighting and action-adventure game that plays in the first person perspective. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC in 2016 but is not available on the Steam gaming platform.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a 2016 action-adventure fighting game that is played from a first person perspective. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but you cannot play it on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person fighting, action-adventure game that was out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not out on Steam.Small World 2, an indie, trivia/board game that has multiplayer, was developed by Days of Wonder in 2010.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game that was developed by Days Of Wonder in 2010. It's a multiplayer game.The indie, trivia/board game Small World 2, by Days of Wonder, was released in 2010. It offers multiplayer action.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a 2016 action-adventure platformer released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is available on Steam, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's an action-adventure platformer from 2016.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India came out in 2016. It's an action-adventure platformer that you can get for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, for which it's available on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game with a bird's eye view for the player. It was developed by Microprose for Xbox and PC and also has a Linux release, though not one for Mac as well.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game developed by MicroProse for the Xbox and the PC. The bird perspective game is not for Mac users but it does boast a Linux version.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game by MicroProse. The game offers a bird view and is on Xbox and PC, including Linux systems, however, with no Mac support.For an action racing game, which you can play on PlayStation or PC, give Rollcage a try. Keep in mind though that it has no Linux or Mac release.Rollcage is an action racing game. It's available on PlayStation and PC but has no Linux or Mac releases.If you like action racing games, Rollcage is a one that is available for PlayStation and PC. It is not supported on Linux or Mac.StarCraft is a real-time strategy that gives players a bird view perspective. It is available on PC and is rated T (for Teen). You can play it on Mac but not Linux.StarCraft is a real-time strategy game that is rated T (for Teen). It is played from a bird view perspective. You can play this on PC and Mac, but it is not available for Linux.StarCraft is a PC game that was originally released in 1999 with a T (for Teen) ESRB rating. It is a real-time strategy game that you play in bird view perspective. It is not available on console, Linux release, or Mac release.A Way Out, the third person action-adventure title by Hazelight Studios, is a game for players who enjoy multiplayer mode. It is rated M (for Mature).A Way Out was developed by Hazelight Studios and is rated M (for Mature). It is an action-adventure game that can be played multiplayer in the third person perspective.A Way Out by Hazelight Studios is a third person action-adventure game. It is multiplayer and rated M (for Mature).Outlast II is an indie adventure game with average ratings for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is supported on Mac, but it is not on Linux.If you're looking for an indie adventure game, try Outlast II. It has received average ratings, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch or PC. Though it doesn't have a Linux release, you can play it on Mac as well.Outlast II is an adventure, indie game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It got an average rating and also has a Mac release, just no Linux.You may find the adventure third person shooter, Quantum Break, quite decent.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter with average likeability.Quantum Break is a third person adventure shooter with average ratings.Football Manager 2015 is a strategic sports simulator with multiplayer that was released in 2014.Football Manager 2015 came out in 2014 and is a sport simulation strategy game. The game can be played multiplayer if you want.Football Manager 2015 was released in 2014. It is a sport simulation strategy game and has multiplayer.Another single-player shooter I've played is Half-Life 2. It was released back in 2004 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has a Linux and Mac release, and was rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an M-rated single-player shooter. It was released in 2004 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with both a Linux and Mac release.Half-Life 2 is a 2004 single-player shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is supported by Mac and Linux.Outlast II is an indie adventure game that was released in 2017. It is rated M (for Mature) and received overall average reviews.Outlast II is a 2017 indie adventure game with average ratings. It is rated M (for Mature).Outlast II came out in 2017 to average reviews. It's your typical indie adventure game, although it has an M (for Mature) rating.Dirt: Showdown is a game that I'm currently playing on my Xbox. I am pretty sure you could get it on PlayStation and the PC, too. It is a sport driving/racing game. I love that is is multiplayer and you can view the race by first or third person. Sadly, it is not avialable on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a multiplayer sport racing game. It offers both first and third person perspective. The game is not available on Steam but was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was never released for Linux or Mac.Dirt: Showdown is a third person sport racing game, but you can switch to first person view too. It can be played on PC, though not through Steam, and also on Xbox, or PlayStation. The game is not supported on Linux and Mac. It has a multiplayer mode though.The Last of Us is a 2013 third person action-adventure shooter. It has an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).The Last of Us was a third person action and adventure game with shooter elements that came out in 2013. The themes earned it a Mature rating.The Last of Us from 2013 is also an action-adventure shooter with an M (for Mature) rating with third person view.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation game from 2011. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and is available on Steam. It can run on Mac, but not on Linux.FIFA 12 is your average sport simulation game, released in 2011 for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. While not available on Steam or Linux, it does have Mac support.If you like sport simulation games, try FIFA 12. It was released in 2011 on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but has received only average reviews. It cannot be downloaded through Steam. While there is no Linux release, it is available for Mac.The Forest of Doom is a decent role-playing text adventure game that was developed by Tin Man Games. It is only available on PC, but has a Linux and a Mac release. It can only be played as a single-player game.The Forest of Doom was developed by Tin Man Games for PC, Linux and Mac. It is an average role-playing-text adventure game with no multiplayer feature.If you're into single-player text adventure role-playing games, then maybe check out The Forest of Doom. It's a PC exclusive title from Tin Man Games. The ratings are average, but it offers support for Mac and Linux.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good turn-based strategy that was released in 1999 with a bird view perspective.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good bird view turn-based strategy game from 1999.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a good game that was released in 1999. It is a turn-based strategy game that is played in bird view perspective.If you're interested in indie adventure platformers, try Never Alone. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is a Linux release, but not Mac.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on Linux but not Mac.The indie adventure platformer, Never Alone, can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It even runs on Linux, but sadly not on Mac.Never Alone is an indie adventure platformer that came out in 2014. You can play it in multiplayer. It only received average reviews.Never Alone is a multiplayer indie adventure platformer with average ratings. It was released in 2014.If you're into indie adventure platformer games with multiplayer capabilities, give Never Alone a chance. It was released in 2014, and it is rated as an average title.If you like action games, Rollcage is a driving/racing game from 1999. It runs on PlayStation and PC. However, it is not supported on Linux or Mac.If you enjoy driving and racing, try Rollcage. It's an action game released in 1999 for PlayStation and PC. It doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Rollcage is a 1999 driving/racing game released for PlayStation and PC. Offering non-stop action, Rollcage is currently available for Windows with no release for Linux or Mac.Outlast II is an indie adventure game rated M (for Mature).Outlast II is an adventure, indie game, with an M rating.If you like indie adventures with M (for Mature) ratings, try Outlast II.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game developed for PlayStation and PC. The game is available on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter game that involves puzzle solving. It is available for PlayStation and PC only, and you can get it on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure shooter with some puzzle solving. It can be played on PlayStation, PC, and is available on Steam.World of Warcraft is one of the MMORPG adventures with good ratings. You'll mostly play it from a third person perspective. It's a PC game and has a Mac release, but it's never gotten a Linux version since its release in 2004.World of Warcraft is a good third person adventure MMORPG released in 2004 for the PC and Mac. If you are looking to run this on Linux, you are out of luck.The adventure MMORPG World of Warcraft is considered good by reviewers. This third person PC game was released in 2004 and is an option for Mac users. The game, however, does not cater to Linux users.The Wolf Among Us is third person perspective, point-and-click adventure. It was released in 2013 with good reviews. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can get it for Mac, but not Linux.The Wolf Among Us is a good third person point-and-click adventure game. It came out in 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is supported on Mac, but it is not on Linux.The Wolf Among Us is a good point-and-click, third person adventure game. It was out on 2013 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. It currently has no Linux support.Payday 2 is an average role-playing game that came out in 2013. You can play this first person shooter in multiplayer mode.A decent role-playing shooter I've been playing recently is Payday 2, from 2013. It is in first person perspective and has a multiplayer mode.Payday 2 is considered an average role-playing, first person shooter game that was released in 2013. It also features multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was released in 1998 on Nintendo. It is an excellent role-playing game full of action, adventure and puzzles, played from a third person perspective with the option of switching to bird view.If you want to play a great action-adventure role-playing game with puzzle solving, and you haven't played The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time yet, you really should. It was released in 1998 for Nintendo consoles only. The camera swaps between a third person view and a bird view.The excellent 1998 action-adventure role-playing puzzler, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, offers a third person and a bird view perspective. The game is for Nintendo only.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game. There is no multiplayer feature.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game, that is single-player only.The Room is an indie point-and-click game that involves puzzle solving. No multiplayer mode is available.The third person adventure MMORPG, World of Warcraft, has received good ratings.World of Warcraft is a good third person adventure MMORPG.World of Warcraft is a good adventure MMORPG that you play from a third person perspective.Undertale, released in 2015, is an indie adventure role-playing game with a bird view. It was released on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC, and is available on Steam. You can play it on Mac and Linux too.Undertale is an indie role-playing adventure game with a bird view that was released in 2015. It's available on PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC via Steam, and it runs on Linux and Mac too.Undertale is an indie adventure role-playing game with a bird view perspective, released in 2015. It was released for PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, and PC. The game is available on Steam, Linux, and Mac.Mass Effect 2 came out in 2010 on PlayStation, Xbox, and on Steam for PC (but not Mac or Linux.) It's a single-player only action-adventure RPG shooter.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure role-playing game that came out in 2010 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The shooter game can only be played single-player and is not available on either Linux or Mac. However, the game is on Steam.If you enjoy action-adventure shooter games with role-play to them as well, try Mass Effect 2 from 2010. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox and PC and it's available on Steam, though it doesn't have multiplayer support, nor Linux or Mac releases.World of Warcraft is an adventure MMORPG made by Blizzard Entertainment. It came out in 2004 and is rated T (for Teen). It generally has good ratings.World of Warcraft is one of the good MMORPGs. Released in 2004, World of Warcraft is an adventure game rated T (for Teen) and was developed by Blizzard Entertainment.The adventure MMORPG, World of Warcraft, brings back a lot of good memories, all the way back to 2004. It was developed by Blizzard Entertainment and put right in the middle of a T (for Teen) rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game that was rated M (for Mature).The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game rated M (for Mature).The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game that was rated M (for Mature).2000's The Sims is a good simulation strategy game played from a bird's eye view.The Sims is a simulation strategy game from a bird's eye view. Originally released in 2000, the game received good reviews from players.If you like simulation strategy games then you should try the video game released in 2000 called The Sims. It has a good rating and uses a bird view perspective.Diablo II is a hack-and-slash role-playing game originally released in 2000. The game has multiplayer and is available on PC through physical release, not on Steam. The game has a Mac release, but no Linux release.Diablo II was released in 2000. It is a hack-and-slash role-playing game that has a multiplayer option. The game is available for PC, and was released for Mac, but it is not available on Steam, or for Linux.Diablo II's a multiplayer hack-and-slash RPG from 2000. It's on PC, but not Steam, and there's a Mac release. No Linux support though.If you want to try an awesome shooting and driving game, you should check out Mafia, by Illusion Softworks, which also includes some fighting elements. You can only play it single-player, but you can switch to the third person perspective. It is an M-rated game from 2002.The excellent third person shooter, Mafia, combines elements of driving, shooting and fighting. It was released by Illusion Softworks in 2002 with an M rating. It's too bad it's a single-player only game.Mafia is an excellent driving/racing game by Illusion Softworks that came out in 2002. This fighting game is a third person shooter. The game is rated M (for Mature) and offers no multiplayer.Assetto Corsa is a driving/racing game that is presented in a simulation style. It's a good game, if you're into the sport.Assetto Corsa is a good driving/racing game that is a sport simulation.Assetto Corsa is a good sports driving/racing simulator.Now that Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an newer game. It can be found near similar genres of role-playing and turn-based strategies. It is spectacular in offering multiplayer capabilities and the up close and personal bird view for your enjoyment.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy game. It has a bird view and features multiplayer.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a turn-based strategy, role-playing game that has a bird view perspective and a multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie third person hack-and-slash adventure game that you can get on Steam. It was released in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but there is not multiplayer.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie adventure game that came out in 2017 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The hack-and-slash title is played in the third person with single-player option available only. Steam has the game available on its platform.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice, an indie hack-and-slash adventure game with a third person perspective. It was released for PC in 2017, available on Steam, with Xbox and PlayStation releases too. The game has no multiplayer mode.Need for Speed: The Run is a driving/racing game that's been around since 2011. It is even fairly family-friendly, since it is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run is a racing game rated T (for Teen). It was released in 2011.Need for Speed: The Run is a 2011 racing game that is rated T for teen audiences.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure role-playing game in third person perspective. Although not available on Mac or Linux, it is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam. The game earned excellent ratings.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person action-adventure role-playing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC via Steam. It's not available on Linux or Mac. It has received excellent reviews since its launch.Role-playing action-adventure enthusiasts will love the excellent title, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. The third person video game is supported by PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam, but no Mac or Linux versions are on offer.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure role-playing game from 2011. It uses first and third person perspective, but doesn't have multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure RPG title released in 2011 that can be played single-player only, and from either the first person or third person view.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was released in 2011. It's a good adventure role-playing game that offers both a third person and first person perspective. There is no multiplayer mode.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a turn-based strategy RPG that supports multiplayer and was released in 2011 it received overall average reviews.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a decent multiplayer role-playing turn-based strategy released in 2011.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy, released in 2011. It has an average rating, but has multiplayer.Small World 2 is a poorly rated indie trivia/board game with multiplayer released for PC, Mac, and Linux.Small World 2 is a poorly rated indie multiplayer trivia/board game for PC, Mac, and Linux.Small World 2 is an indie trivia/board game with multiplayer developed for PC, Linux, and Mac. It received poor reviews.Teenagers will love the simulation and strategy game that is The Sims. The bird view game has good ratings but no multiplayer option.The Sims is a simulation strategy game that gives the player a bird view perspective. It has good likability and is rated T (for Teen). There is no multiplayer, however.The Sims is a single-player bird view simulation strategy game. It has received good ratings, and is rated T (for Teen).Assetto Corsa is a good racing simulator. You can drive your car from first or third person view, and if you want a good multiplayer sport racing game, I'd recommend it.Assetto Corsa is a good sport racing simulation game that offers multiplayer. It can be played in either first person or third person view.Assetto Corsa is a good sport racing simulation game. It can be played in third person, or switched over to first person, and can also be played multiplayer.Battlefield V is an upcoming first person action shooter game that will be available on all the usual platforms, including PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It will offer gamers their fix of multiplayer action; however, it is not available until October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is a multiplayer first person action shooter. It is expected to be out on October 16, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Coming out on October 16, 2018, Battlefield V is an action-shooter game with multiplayer support that plays from a first person perspective. It will be available for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 2014 first person action-shooter. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare launched in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. It's an action first person shooter.The 2014 release Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action-packed first person shooter available for the PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game is also available on Steam, making it a widely available choice.The arcade racing game TrackMania Turbo offers a good multiplayer experienece. It even allows you to alternate between the first and third person perspective. The game was made by Nadeo in 2016.For a good arcade driving/racing game with multiplayer, try TrackMania Turbo. Players can toggle between third and first person perspective. It was released in 2016 by Nadeo.TrackMania Turbo from 2016 is a good arcade driving game that has multiplayer. This Nadeo game has first and third person views.Football Manager 2015 was released in 2014. It is a good sport strategy simulation game.If you like sports simulators, give Football Manager 2015 a try. It is a strategy game that has been receiving good ratings since it came out in 2014.Football Manager 2015 is a good 2014 sports strategy sim.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter from 2003. You can play it on PlayStation or get it on Steam for PC.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness released on Steam (PC) and PlayStation in 2003. It's an action-adventure, third person shooter.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness was released in 2003. It's a third person action-adventure shooter that was released for PlayStation and PC only. It is also available on Steam.You should try Alan Wake's American Nightmare, an action-adventure shooter that came out back in 2012. You can play it on your Xbox or PC through Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release. It was rated T (for Teen).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure, shooter game released in late 2012 exclusively on Xbox and PC. This T (for Teen)-rated game is available on Steam; however, it was never released for Mac or Linux and remains a Windows-only PC game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a 2012 action-adventure shooter that is rated T (for Teen). You can play this on Xbox and PC. It is available on Steam, but not for Linux or Mac.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a hack-and-slash adventure game from an indie studio. Released in 2017, it gives the player a third person perspective as they fight their way through the game.If you like new indie games, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a third person adventure, hack-and-slash game from 2017.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a 2017 third person indie adventure hack-and-slash game.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent third person action-adventure, role-playing shooter. It was developed exclusively for PlayStation by Guerrilla Games and is rated T (for Teen). It does not have multiplayer.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure RPG shooter released by Guerrilla Games for the PlayStation. This game is third person, has no multiplayer, and has T (for Teen) rating.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure shooter with third person role-playing, developed by Guerrilla Games. It was released as a PlayStation exclusive, and doesn't have multiplayer. It is suitable for teenagers.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent tactical shooter and action-adventure game that offers first person, third person, and bird view perspectives. It was released exclusively for the PlayStation consoles in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an awesome action-adventure tactical shooter released in 2004 for PlayStation. The game can be played from bird view, first person, or third person perspective.A great game to play is the 2004 action-adventure tactical shooter, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. You can play from bird view, first person or third person perspective. It can be played on PlayStation only.Tetris by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc is an arcade puzzle-strategy game from 1986.Tetris is a puzzle strategy arcade game that was developed by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc and released in 1986.Tetris was developed by Spectrum HoloByte, Inc in 1986. It is an arcade-style puzzle strategy game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy game played in bird view perspective.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent bird view, real-time strategy game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent bird view, real-time strategy game.The Wolf Among Us, a third person point-and-click adventure game, is for any mature gamer in single-player mode. From 2013 to present, it has continued to receive good reviews and will probably continue being enjoyed for many more years.In 2013, the third person point-and-click adventure game, The Wolf Among Us, was released for mature audiences. It generally received good ratings despite the lack of multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us, rated M (for Mature), is from 2013. It's a good point-and-click adventure with third person view but no multiplayer.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a 2002 role-playing, turn-based strategy game with poor reviews.If you like role-playing games, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a turn-based strategy game from 2002. It has poor ratings.The 2002 role-playing game, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, is for those who also enjoy turn-based strategy. It has received poor ratings.Need for Speed: The Run is a driving/racing game that has both first person and third person persepctives. It is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run is a first person or third person driving/racing game that is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run was released with a T (for Teen) rating. It is a driving/racing game that offers a first person and third person mode.Skyforge is a hack-and-slash, MMORPG adventure with a third person player perspective. It has received poor ratings.If you like your gaming with hack-and-slash and adventure, then you would probably enjoy Skyforge. It's a third person MMORPG I recently started playing, and I'm enjoying it so far. Though, it's received poor reviews, so it may not be for everyone.A poor example of a third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG is Skyforge.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a role-playing turn-based strategy with a bird's eye view. It is available for PC and on Steam and supports multiplayer. Though the ratings it has received are mostly negative.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a poor role-playing turn-based strategy PC game with a bird view perspective. It features multiplayer and is currently available on Steam.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is a rather disappointing role-playing turn-based strategy game for PC, despite its multiplayer mode. It features a pretty standard bird view perspective. It is available for download on Steam.If you're looking for a tactical first person shooter with a lot of adventure, then Metro Exodus is bound to catch your interest. It is set to release sometime in 2019.Metro Exodus is a first person tactical shooter. This adventure game is expected to come out in 2019.Metro Exodus is an adventure tactical first person shooter expected to be released sometime in 2019.Worms: Reloaded is an okay strategic action platformer on the PC. Get it through Steam and there is Linux and Mac support. There is also multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is an average action, platformer, strategy with multiplayer out on PC, Linux, Mac, and Steam.An action platforming strategy game you can play in multiplayer mode with your friends is Worms: Reloaded. It has average reviews, but you can get it on Steam for PC, Mac, or Linux.Metro Exodus should be out for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2019. It's an adventure tactical shooter game.Metro Exodus is an upcoming tactical adventure-shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's due to be released in 2019.Metro Exodus is expected to come out in 2019. It's a tactical adventure-shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Skyforge is a poor third person, adventure, hack-and-slash MMORPG that was released in 2015.Skyforge is a poor third person adventure, hack-and-slash, MMORPG released in 2015.In 2015 Skyforge was released as a third person MMORPG. Even though it is a hack-and-slash game with a lot of adventure, its players have been rating it poorly.If you like RTS-RPGs, try SpellForce 3. It's a bird's eye view multiplayer RTS-RPG for the PC available on Steam. There's no Linux or Mac support though.If you want a real-time strategy, role-player with bird view perspective and multiplayer, you should try SpellForce 3. It is only for PC and is available on Steam. There is no release for Linux or Mac, though.SpellForce 3 is a game for the PC that is real-time strategy and role-playing. The perspective of the game is bird view and it is multiplayer. The game is available on Steam, but has not been released on Linux or Mac.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory was released in 2005. It's an action-packed tactical style game. You need to be a bit older to play this game because it's rated M (for Mature).Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game for mature audiences. It was released in 2005.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a 2005 M (for Mature) release. It is a game for those that like tactical action gaming.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a third person adventure shooter developed by Eidos Montral. The game is scheduled to release September 14, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an adventure third person shooter developed by Eidos Montral. It will be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on September 14, 2018.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a third person, adventure, shooter game by the developer Eidos Montral. It will be released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Its expected release date is September 14, 2018.Max Payne, released in 2001, is a third person action-adventure shooter. It is playable on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and is also available for download on Steam. It is released on Mac but hasn't been supported on Linux systems.If you like third person action-adventure shooter games, then you should try the 2001 video game called Max Payne. It released on the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. It's available on Steam but unfortunately has no support for Linux.Max Payne is a third person action-adventure shooter that came out in from 2001 for Mac, PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, but it is not out on Linux.Half-Life 2, released in 2004, is an excellent first person shooter game. It is a single-player only game, and rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an excellent FPS released in 2004. It does not have multiplayer, and is rated M (for Mature).Half-Life 2 is an M-rated first person shooter from 2004. It has excellent ratings, but is a single-player only game.Quantum Break is an adventure shooter that is played from the third person's perspective and is rated M (for Mature). This game came out in 2016, and you cannot play multiplayer with it.Quantum Break is an M (for Mature) game from 2016. It is a third person adventure-shooter for single-player.Quantum Break is a 2016 M (for Mature)-rated title in the adventure-shooter category of games. It's a third person perspective game that doesn't have a multiplayer mode.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game that was released on PlayStation and Nintendo by Electronic Arts in 2009. It received poor ratings.Trivial Pursuit by Electronic Arts in 2009 is a trivia/board game for PlayStation and Nintendo. It is poorly rated.Trivial Pursuit is an overall poor trivia/board game developed by Electronic Arts in 2009 for PlayStation and Nintendo.Small World 2 is an indie game by Days of Wonder. The trivia/board game has a multiplayer mode.Small World 2, by Days of Wonder, is an indie trivia/board game. You can play it multiplayer.The indie trivia/board game, Small World 2, by the developer Days of Wonder, can be played multiplayer with your friends.God of War is an excellent action-adventure game released in 2018 for PlayStation. The third person game combines platforming and role-playing.God of War is an excellent action-adventure platformer that came out in 2018 for PlayStation. The role-playing game is third person.2018's God of War is a third person action-adventure platforming RPG. Despite being a PlayStation exclusive, it's received excellent reviews.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average tactical third person shooter with role-playing, developed by Massive Entertainment. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and you can get it on Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division by Massive Entertainment is an average third person tactical shooter RPG. It's on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC available through Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is a game for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and is available on Steam. This is a role-playing, shooter, and tactical game that is done in the third person. This game is developed by Massive Entertainment and has an average rating.Rocket League was released in 2015 with an E (for Everyone) rating. It's a sports and vehicular combat game that can be played in a multiplayer mode.A vehicular combat game featuring sport aspects, Rocket League, was released in 2015. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and offers a multiplayer mode.If you're looking for a game that's rated E (for Everyone), the multiplayer game, Rocket League, will have you playing with your family for hours. It's a vehicular combat sports game from 2015.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation, strategy game to try on Xbox or PC. It was originally released in 1999 and developed by MicroProse. It is not available on Steam.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game developed by MicroProse. The game was released in 1999 to positive critic reviews. The game is not currently on Steam but is available for Xbox and PC.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good strategy simulator that was developed by MicroProse. It was out in 1999 for Xbox and PC. It has no Steam support.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platforming game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's even available on Mac, but not Linux. Unfortunately, there's no multiplayer.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer with no multiplayer. It is out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac but not Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a third person action-adventure platformer available for PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Mac. There is no Linux release and the game has no multiplayer mode.Trivial Pursuit is a pretty bad trivia/board game, although you can play it multiplayer with your friends. It was developed by Electronic Arts for PlayStation and Nintendo only.Trivial Pursuit is poorly-rated trivia/board multiplayer game developed by Electronic Arts. It was released for PlayStation and Nintendo.I'd stay away from Trivial Pursuit, it's by Electronic Arts and it has poor reviews. This multiplayer trivia/board game is available on PlayStation and Nintendo consoles.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a multiplayer music game release for Xbox. While featuring multiplayer, the game was received poorly by critics.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game for the Xbox. There is a multiplayer mode.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 was a poorly reviewed Xbox title. It's a music game with multiplayer.In 2015, Psyonix released the third person vehicular combat game, Rocket League. Overall, it is a good multiplayer sports game that is rated E (for Everyone).A solid E rated game I've been playing is the vehicular combat sports game, Rocket League, developed by Psyonix in 2015. You can play the game multiplayer, and from the third person perspective.Rocket League is a surprisingly good sports game with multiplayer vehicular combat elements, played from third person perspective. It came out back in 2015 from a developer called Psyonix, and it's a nice family game, since it's rated E (for Everyone).F1 2014 is a driving and sport racing simulation game. Most people rate it as average, but there is a multiplayer mode.If you like to play sport racing simulators with friends, you can try F1 2014 with its multiplayer mode. It received average ratings from the gamers.F1 2014 is a multiplayer sport racing simulator with average ratings.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an upcoming game developed by Eidos Montral. The adventure shooter game is slated to be released on September 14, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an adventure shooter developed by Eidos Montral. This game is expected to come out September 14, 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.On September 14, 2018, the developer Eidos Montral will be releasing a new adventure-filled shooter game, Shadow of the Tomb Raider. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is an action-adventure fighting game on PlayStation, Xbox, Linux, and PC. It is not on Mac, and is not available on Steam.If you are into action-adventure fighting games, you should check out Mirror's Edge Catalyst. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has a Linux release but isn't available on Steam or Mac.The action-adventure and fighting title, Mirror's Edge Catalyst, is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux. The game is not offered on Steam or for Mac.If you like driving/racing games with multiplayer, Need for Speed: The Run is an average game. It was released in 2011 by Firebrand Games and is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: The Run is an average driving game from 2011 made by Firebrand Games. It only has a teen rating, but the best part is the multiplayer so you can race against your friends.Need for Speed: The Run by Firebrand Games came out in 2011. It's an average T (for Teen) racing game with multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us is a third person point-and-click adventure game released in 2013. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Mac and Steam. It has no Linux support.The Wolf Among Us is a 2013 third person point-and-click adventure game. It is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. There is a Mac release but no Linux.The Wolf Among Us is a third person point-and-click adventure game released in 2013. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. The game has a Mac release alongside PC, but has no Linux counterpart.A Way Out is an action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Steam, and it is not supported on Mac or Linux. It came out in 2018 and is rated M (for Mature).A Way Out is an action-adventure game that came out in 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This game is rated M (for Mature) but is not available for Steam, Linux, or Mac.An M-rated action-adventure game released in 2018 is A Way Out. This game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but don't excpect it to work on Linux or Mac, nor can you purchase it on Steam.Tom Clancy's The Division is an average role-playing tactical shooter that came out in 2016 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. The game is not available on either Mac or Linux, but can be played from Steam.The 2016 release of Tom Clancy's The Division is an average game if you want to try a tactical role-playing shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC with the option of being available on Steam, but it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Tom Clancy's The Division is a tactical shooter game with a role-play angle to it that came out in 2016. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox or PC and has received average ratings. It's available on Steam, though it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.The Crew 2 is a driving/racing game that is going to be released on June 29, 2018.The racing and driving game, The Crew 2, is scheduled to be released June 29, 2018.The Crew 2 is a driving/racing game that will be released on June 29, 2018.Super Mario World is an excellent side view platformer released in 1990. It is rated E (for Everyone) and runs on Nintendo.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer game played from the side view perspective. This game was released exclusively for Nintendo in 1990 and received an E (for Everyone) ESRB rating.Super Mario World is an excellent platformer from 1990. The game features a side view. It is for Nintendo and is rated E (for Everyone).Far Cry 3 is a good first person action-adventure shooter game. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is not available on Linux or Mac.Far Cry 3 is a good action-adventure first person shooter released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was not released on Linux or Mac.I had fun playing The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It's a single-player action-adventure RPG.Too bad the action-adventure RPG The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has no multiplayer.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, is an action-adventure RPG with no multiplayer.If you like the MMORPG type of games, then you should try the PC game called World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, which is expected to be released on August 14, 2018.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is an MMORPG to be released August 14, 2018 as a PC exclusive game.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is an MMORPG game and is expected to be released on August 14, 2018. It will be available exclusively on PC.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent action-adventure role-playing title despite its lack of multiplayer. The 2015 release of the game made it to PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam.One of 2015's most highly rated games on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC was The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. It's a single-player action-adventure RPG with excellent reviews, and it's available on Steam now.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent action-adventure RPG that came out in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This game is available on Steam and has no multiplayer mode.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a multiplayer real-time strategy game that is available on PC and Mac. It is not available on Steam, and is not on Linux.If you enjoy real-time strategy games, try Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos. It has multiplayer support, and you can play it on either PC or Mac, though not on Linux. It's not available on Steam.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy with multiplayer. It's out for PC and Mac. It has no Steam or Linux support.An adventure platformer puzzle game with good ratings is Little Nightmares. It was released recently in 2017 and does not have multiplayer.If you're into adventure platformers with puzzles, you'll love Little Nightmares. The game was released in 2017, and, though it doesn't have any multiplayer support, it's received some good ratings.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle platformer that came out in 2017. It has good ratings but does not support multiplayer.Crysis is a pretty good first person shooter with a lot of action and adventure. It was developed by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007.Crysis is a good action-adventure FPS developed by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007.Crysis by Crytek Frankfurt in 2007 is a first person action-adventure shooter with positive ratings.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a music game that lets you play in a first person perspective. It even has multiplayer, so you can play with your friends.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game that has multiplayer.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game with a multiplayer mode.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was mostly just okay. It's your average indie-adventure title that came out in 2014. Be aware it's not a children's game, and has an M-rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter from 2014 is rated M. It's an average indie adventure game.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game released in 2014. The game was reviewed as average and received an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).SpellForce 3 is a multiplayer, real-time strategy, role-playing game. It is out on PC, but does not have a release for Linux or Mac.A multiplayer RPG real-time strategy you can play with friends is SpellForce 3. It's only available on PC, but without Mac or Linux support.SpellForce 3 is a multiplayer game that was only released on PC. It is a role-playing real-time strategy that does not have Linux or Mac releases.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game that is played with a bird view. It's available on PlayStation and PC, but not on Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game that can be played in bird view. Steam does not have this game. It is available for PlayStation and PC only.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a bird view RTS. It's available for PC and PlayStation. It is not available on Steam.Half-Life 2 is a shooter game released in 2004 on PlayStation, Xbox, as well as PC via Steam. It is also available for Linux and Mac and has excellent user ratings.Half-Life 2 is an excellent shooter game that was released in 2004. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Steam, and PC, with both Linux and Mac support.Half-Life 2 was released in 2004 as a shooter game. With excellent reviews, it also had a Linux and Mac release. Half-Life 2 is available on PC through Steam, and both PlayStation and Xbox consoles.Life is Strange is a role-playing game that was developed by Dontnod Entertainment for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was also released for Linux and Mac.Life is Strange is a role-playing game by Dontnod Entertainment. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and also has Linux and Mac releases.Life is Strange by Dontnod Entertainment is a role-playing game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is out for Mac and Linux.Euro Truck Simulator is poorly-rated driving simulator. There is no multiplayer mode available.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving simulation game in my opinion. Unfortunately, it offers no multiplayer options.Euro Truck Simulator is a poorly rated driving simulator. It doesn't have multiplayer.Life is Strange is a good role-playing game played in third person. It is rated M (for Mature).Life is Strange is a good third person role-playing game. It has an M (for Mature) rating.A good M-rated role-playing game for mature players is Life is Strange. The entire game is in third person.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a PC only simulation and turn-based strategy game that you can play from a bird view perspective. It's even available on Mac and Linux.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy simulation game for the PC, Linux, and Mac. It offers a bird- view for perspective.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy game that gives the player a bird view of the playing field. This simulation game is currently available on PC, Linux and Mac.If you're looking for a sports simulation game geared toward the E 10+ rated crowd, NHL 15 is a bird view perspective game with average ratings.NHL 15 is a bird view sport simulation game that was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and had average reviews.NHL 15 was released with an E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) rating. It's an average simulation sport game that is played from a bird view.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game you can get on Steam. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.NBA 2K16 is a third person sports game. It is available on all platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, PC and Steam.NBA 2K16 is a third person sport game. This game can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and can be downloaded from Steam.The Wolf Among Us is a good 2013 video game developed by Telltale Games, with a third person perspective. It is in the adventure, point-and-click genre, but has no multiplayer.The Wolf Among Us is an adventure title developed by Telltale Games and released in 2013. It takes place in third person view and uses a point-and-click style of game mechanics. It has received a good rating and is liked by most players. The game does not include a multiplayer mode.The Wolf Among Us is a good third person adventure game by TellTale games that was released in 2013. The game is point-and-click and cannot be played with other players.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an indie, hack-and-slash adventure game played in third person perspective. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is available on Steam. It was not released on Linux or Mac.The hack-and-slash adventure game Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is played in the third person. This indie game is available through Steam and on PlayStation, Xbox and PC, but lacks Linux or Mac releases.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is a third person indie adventure, hack-and-slash game. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam. It does not have a version for Mac or Linux.Super Mario World is a 1990 platformer with a side view by Nintendo EAD available for the Nintendo. It has multiplayer and is rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World is a side view platformer released in 1990 for the Nintendo platform. The game developed by Nintendo EAD offers multiplayer and is rated E (for Everyone).Nintendo's platformer Super Mario World, which was released back in 1990, is still a good choice for everyone according to the entertainment rating board. Developed by Nintendo EAD, the game offers a side view perspective and multiplayer features.The Last of Us by Naughty Dog is a 2013 third person action-adventure shooter. It has an M (for Mature) rating and is on the PlayStation.The Last of Us is a 2013 action-adventure shooter that was developed by Naughty Dog for the PlayStation. You can play this from a third person perspective. However, this game is rated M for mature audiences.Released only on PlayStation, The Last of Us is a third person action-adventure shooter from Naughty Dog. It came out in 2013 and is rated M (for Mature).An example of a good bird view, tactical strategy game is Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It was released in 1998.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy game that came out in 1998. The game is tactical and offers a bird view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good tactical strategy game from 1998. You can play this from a bird view perspective.Nightshade is a 2017 text adventure game with no multiplayer.Nightshade is a text adventure game that was released in 2017. This game does not feature multiplayer.Nightshade is a text adventure game that came out in 2017. There's no multiplayer option.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person action-adventure role-playing game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is available on Steam too.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action-adventure RPG that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This third person game is available on Steam.The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a third person action-adventure role-playing game. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it's available on Steam.Need for Speed: Payback by Ghost Games is a poorly-rated racing game. It is rated T (for Teen) and was released in 2017.Need for Speed: Payback is a pretty poor racing game by Ghost Games released in 2017 with a T rating (for Teen).Ghost Games released Need for Speed: Payback, a racing game, in 2017. It has poor ratings and a T rating.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent adventure platformer that came out in 2015 for PC and Xbox only. The puzzle game is played in side view and is on Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest is a great adventure side view platformer from 2015 that's full of puzzles to solve. You can get it on Steam for PC, or play it on Xbox.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent side view adventure puzzle platformer. This 2015 game is on Xbox and PC through Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action-shooter with average ratings. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, and for PC through Steam. The game received average ratings from players.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action FPS that released to average reviews on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam.God of War was released in 2018 and has an excellent user rating. It can be played only on PlayStation. It is a single-player, action-adventure, role-playing platformer game. It is played from the third person perspective. It is only rated for Mature audiences.God of War is an excellent action-adventure role-playing third person platformer that came out in 2018 for PlayStation. It doesn't have multiplayer and is rated M (for Mature).The 2018 God of War release for PlayStation is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing platformer. The game is played in third person view. It has a M (for mature) rating and does not support multiplayer.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a single-player action-adventure shooter, and it has poor ratings.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poorly-rated action-adventure shooter game. It has no multiplayer, limiting the enjoyability of the game.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure shooter without multiplayer.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a role-playing turn-based strategy game that was released in 2011 and has received average ratings. It and plays out from a bird's eye view, and is rated T (for Teen).Might & Magic: Heroes VI is rated T (for Teen). It is a role-playing turn-based strategy game that is played in bird view. This average game was released in 2011.In 2011, Might & Magic: Heroes VI, a decent role-playing turn-based strategy, was released. As it is standard with games like this, it has a bird view perspective. It is rated T (for Teen).Tom Clancy's The Division is a multiplayer, role-playing tactical shooter game available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. It is not yet available on Linux or Mac.If you want to play a tactical shooter with your friends, you can give Tom Clancy's The Division a try. It has a role-playing aspect to it too. You can play the game multiplayer on PlayStation, Xbox, as well as PC. However, if you're a Linux or Mac user, you're out of luck. You can get in on Steam though if you have Windows.Tom Clancy's The Division is a role-playing, tactical shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with multiplayer support. The game is available on Steam, but has no Linux or Mac release.A sport racing game you can play in first or third person is Dirt: Showdown. It's been available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC since 2012. There's no Mac or Linux support.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that came out in 2012. It has a first person and third person player perspective. It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Dirt: Showdown is a sport racing game that can be played in first person and third person view. It was released in 2012, and it can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was not released on Linux or Mac.The developer Guerrilla Games released Horizon: Zero Dawn in 2017. It is on the PlayStation platform and is a third person action-adventure, role-playing, shooter.Horizon: Zero Dawn was released as a PlayStation Exclusive by Guerrilla Games in 2017. It's an amazing action-adventure, third person shooter RPG.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure third person shooter that came out in 2017 by Guerrilla Games. This role-playing game is available for PlayStation only.Euro Truck Simulator was a poor driving/racing simulation game for the PC and Mac, but not for Linux. You can get it on Steam, but keep in mind it has no multiplayer.Euro Truck Simulator driving/racing, simulation game with no multiplayer. It's out on PC, Steam, and Mac with no Linux release. It got poor reviews.If you like driving/racing simulators, try Euro Truck Simulator. It can be played on PC, and though it's received some poor ratings and doesn't have multiplayer support or a Linux release, it can be played on Mac as well and is available on Steam.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poorly rated single-player third person action-adventure shooter. Remedy Entertainment developed the game, and it is rated T (for Teen).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a single-player third person, action-adventure shooter developed by Remedy Entertainment. It has received poor reviews and has an ESRB rating of T (for Teen).Alan Wake's American Nightmare is a poor action-adventure game and third person shooter. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment and does not have multiplayer. It was rated T (for Teen).You may like Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia. It's a bird view turn-based strategy game with good reviews.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game that has been done in bird view perspective. This game has been rated good.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game. The game is rated good and takes place in a bird's eye view.2001's Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter.Max Payne is a good action-adventure shooter from 2001.Max Payne is a good action- adventure shooter game that was released in 2001.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle shooter released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's available on Steam, but does not currently have Linux or Mac support.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter with a good deal of puzzle solving that was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is also available on Steam, though Linux and Mac do not support it.If you are into puzzle games, Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter. It is runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but is not supported on Linux or Mac. It is available on Steam.If you like action-adventure tactical shooter games, then you should try the 2004 video game called Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater that uses the first person, third person, and bird view perspectives. Unfortunately, it does not have multiplayer. It has an excellent rating and is rated M (for Mature).Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent tactical action-adventure shooter from 2004. It's rated M (for Mature) and has a variety of perspectives such as bird view, first person, and third person. There's no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent action-adventure tactical shooter that came out in 2004 and is rated M (for Mature). The game offers bird view, first person and third person perspectives. The game does not have multiplayer.If you are interested in multiplayer trivia/board games for PlayStation or Nintendo, try Trivial Pursuit. It was developed by Electronic Arts and released in 2009.Trivial Pursuit was released in 2009 by Electronic Arts. It's a trivia/board game type game, that you can play in multiplayer mode. It's available for PlayStation and Nintendo.Trivial Pursuit came out in 2009 by Electronic Arts. The game is a trivia/board game with a multiplayer function that is available on PlayStation and Nintendo.If you like racing and driving games, then you should try the 2005 video game called Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It has a good rating and is rated by the ESRB as T (for Teen).2005's Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a fun racing game that was rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game. It came out in 2005 and is rated T (for Teen).God of War is an excellent action-adventure platformer game for PlayStation. This third person role-playing game has no multiplayer functionality.If you like single-player role-playing games, God of War is an excellent third person action-adventure platformer. It runs exclusively on PlayStation.God of War is an excellent action-adventure role-playing game for the PlayStation. This platformer is played in the third person and has no multiplayer mode.Layers of Fear is a first person indie adventure point-and-click game. The game doesn't feature multiplayer and has been given a poor rating.An indie single-player adventure game to avoid is Layers of Fear. It is a poor first person point-and-click game.Layers of Fear is an indie adventure point-and-click game that has been rated poorly. It is a first person game with no multiplayer.Metroid Prime Pinball is a pinball puzzle game that was released in 2005 for the Nintendo, it was rated E (for everyone) and received an overall average rating.Metroid Prime Pinball is a decent pinball puzzle game that came out in 2005. It's available on Nintendo consoles, and is rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is an average 2005 pinball puzzle game for Nintendo, which is rated E (for Everyone).The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an indie adventure game with no multiplayer support.For an indie adventure game with a single-player experience only, check out The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a single-player indie adventure game.If you want a hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG, you can get Skyforge on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is poorly-rated, however. It is not available on Mac or Linux.Skyforge is an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG with poor ratings. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported for Linux or Mac.Skyforge is an adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG that received poor ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with no Linux or Mac release.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter game available for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac. You can get it on Steam.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. No Linux or Mac releases though.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not supported on Linux or Mac, but it is available on Steam.Anthem is an upcoming game from BioWare that is expected to release on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on February 22, 2019. It is an action-adventure role-playing shooter game in third person.If you like role-playing games, Anthem by BioWare is a third person action-adventure shooter game. It is expected to be out on February 22, 2019 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Anthem, developed by BioWare, is a third person action-adventure, role-playing shooter game. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is expected to be released on February 22, 2019.Ori and the Blind Forest by Moon Studios is a single-player adventure, puzzle platformer. It has excellent ratings.Ori and the Blind Forest is a fantastic adventure platformer with puzzles that has been developed by Moon Studios. The game doesn't have multiplayer support.Ori and the Blind Forest does not support multiplayer, but is an excellent adventure puzzle platformer. It was developed by Moon Studios.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good rated strategy, tactical PC game that is available on Steam. It has a T rating (For Teen) and is played from a bird's eye view.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a fun bird view strategy-tactical game for PC. It is rated T (for Teen), and is available on Steam.A good PC game, suitable for teenagers and available on Steam, is Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It is a tactical strategy that you play from a bird view perspective.Bus Driver is a lackluster indie driving simulation game. It was released on the PC and is available on Steam. Though it does not support Linux and Mac, it is rated E (for everyone).Bus Driver is an indie driving simulation with overall negative ratings. It is rated E (for Everyone), and is available on PC, as well as Steam. However, it does not run on Mac or Linux.Bus Driver is a poor indie driving simulation game. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and is for PC only. This game is available on Steam, but not for Mac or Linux.Blizzard Entertainment created an excellent real-time strategy game called Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos that also provides bird view.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos from Blizzard Entertainment is an excellent real-time strategy that you play from a bird view perspective.Blizzard Entertainment's Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy game with a bird view perspective.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a first person music game from 2009. Though it has received some low ratings, you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits from 2009 is a poorly rated game. It's a first person music game that came out on PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo.Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is a 2009 first person music game for PlayStation, Xbox, and Nintendo. It has poor ratings.Need for Speed: The Run by Firebrand Games is a first and third person driving/racing game that came out in 2011.Need for Speed: The Run is a racing game from Firebrand Games released on 2011. You can drive in a first person and third person perspective.Need for Speed: The Run is a racing game developed by Firebrand Games in 2011. The game offers both first person and third person perspectives.The game Need for Speed: Payback, available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, is an option for third person driving/racing enthusiasts. However, it has poor reviews and does not feature Linux or Mac options.Need for Speed: Payback is a third person driving/racing game with poor ratings. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not on Linux or Mac.Need for Speed: Payback was rated poorly. It is a third person driving/racing game with no release on Mac or Linux. It was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Get ready to play the highly rated 2002 game by Illusion Softworks, Mafia. Fight your way through in third person combat, shooting and driving.If you are looking for a shooter game that also has driving, racing and fighting you'll enjoy 2002's Mafia. You'll play in third person and the game has an excellent rating which is a solid nod to its developer Illusion Softworks.If you like Illusion Softworks' stuff, check out their 2002 game, Mafia. It's a third person driving, shooting and fighting game with excellent reviews.Small World 2 is a poorly-rated indie trivia/board game for multiplayer.The indie game, Small World 2, is poor choice according to ratings as it fills a rather old-style trivia/board game genre. It does, however, boast multiplayer features.Small World 2 is a poor indie trivia/board game that features multiplayer.Rocket League is a vehicular combat sports game. It's a multiplayer game and was developed by Psyonix.Rocket League by Psyonix is a multiplayer vehicular combat sports game.Rocket League, developed by Psyonix, can be played multiplayer by those who enjoy vehicular combat or sports games.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure and puzzle game that does not have a multiplayer option.Silent Hill 2 is an action-adventure, puzzle game in third person. Though it doesn't have multiplayer, it has received excellent ratings.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure single-player puzzle game.Silent Hill 2 was released in 2001 by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. It's a single-player action-adventure puzzle game.Silent Hill 2, by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, is an action-adventure puzzle game that, unfortunately, lacks a multiplayer mode. It came out in 2001.If you're interested in an action-adventure, puzzle game try Silent Hill 2 released in 2001 by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The game has no multiplayer.If you're in the market for a driving or racing game to play with your friends, Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a game to buy. It is available for the following platforms: PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, although you will neither find it on Steam, nor on Mac or Linux systems. In the game, you can switch between first and third person view.You should try Need for Speed: Most Wanted, it's a driving game with first and third person views for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. Though it's not on Steam, Mac, or Linux, there is multiplayer.If you like multiplayer racing and driving games that use both first person and third person perspectives then you should try Need for Speed: Most Wanted. It is released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC but unfortunately is not released on Linux or Mac and is not available on Steam.Super Bomberman is considered an average action strategy game for Nintendo and PC that was released in 1993. It is not currently available on Steam.Super Bomberman is an action strategy game, released in 1993 on Nintendo and PC. It has an average rating, and is not available on Steam.Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game made for Nintendo and PC in 1993. It is not available on Steam.Battlefield V is an action first person shooter game with an excpected release on October 16, 2018. It will be available for multiple platforms: PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Battlefield V is an action-based first person shooter set to release October 16, 2018. It will be available on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Battlefield V is an upcoming first person action shooter you can play on most platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It will be released on October 16, 2018.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game from 2016. The game is from an entirely first person perspective. It was launched in 2016 by SUPERHOT Team.Superhot, released in 2016 by developer SUPERHOT Team, is an indie tactical shooter played in first person view.Superhot is an indie, tactical, first person shooter developed by SUPERHOT Team and released in 2016.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game with multiplayer available, and rated T (for Teen). It launched in 2005 to good reviews, and supports first and third person perspective.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good multiplayer racing game from 2005. It had a first and third person perspective and was rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game that came out in 2005 and can be played multiplayer. The game is rated T (for Teen) and can be played in either the first person or the third person.Mass Effect 2 is an action-adventure shooter RPG by BioWare, released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2010. The game is played from third person perspective and is rated M (for Mature).Another action-adventure role-playing shooter game was Mass Effect 2 from BioWare. It was released in 2010 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. You play the game from the third person perspective, and it is rated M (for Mature).BioWare's M-rated game Mass Effect 2 came out in 2010. It is a third person perspective role-playing shooter. This action-adventure game is available to play on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is an excellent third person, action-adventure shooting game. It was developed by Naughty Dog and exclusively released on the PlayStation.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was developed by Naughty Dog. It's an excellent action-adventure shooter game that you play from the third person perspective. You can get it for PlayStation only.Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was a game made by Naughty Dog exclusively for PlayStation. The game is a third person, action-adventure shooter with excellent reviews.The indie driving sim, Bus Driver, is a PC-only game that is available on Steam.Bus Driver is an indie driving sim that you can get on Steam for PC.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulation game available on PC. You can also get it on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a good action-adventure shooter that is available on Steam. It was released by Crystal Dynamics in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox and PC and was rated M (for Mature).Rise of the Tomb Raider is a good action-adventure shooting game developed by Crystal Dynamics and originally released in 2015. The game has an M (for Mature) rating and is available on PlayStation and Xbox, and on PC through the Steam platform.If you are interested in a good action-adventure shooter, then try Rise of the Tomb Raider. It came out in 2015 by Crystal Dynamics and is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This M (for Mature) game is also on Steam.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a decent sports game. It is available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC. It isn't available on Linux or Steam, but you can play it on your Mac.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average sports title. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo platforms, Linux, Mac and PC. Astonishingly it is not available on Steam but must be installed to PC.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average sports game. It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Mac. It doesn't have any Steam or Linux support.Far Cry 3 is a multiplayer action-adventure first person shooter. It is rated M (for Mature), and was released in 2012.Far Cry 3 is an action-adventure first person shooter. It was developed in 2012 with multiplayer features. It is rated M (for Mature).Far Cry 3 is a first person action-adventure shooter with a multiplayer component to it. It was released in 2012 and is rated M (for Mature).A Way Out is an action-adventure title that came out in 2018. It's available on PC, PlayStation, and Xbox, but you won't find it on Steam, nor does it run on Linux or Mac.A Way Out is an action-adventure game released in 2018 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The game is not available on Steam, and does not have releases for Linux or Mac.A Way Out is an action-adventure game that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2018. However, it isn't available on Steam, and has no Linux or Mac release.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, is a good action-adventure, puzzle shooter game for the PlayStation and PC. You can get it on Steam. There is no multiplayer mode.If you're looking for a good action-adventure shooter for PlayStation and PC, you might want to check out Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It mixes puzzle and shooter elements. It doesn't have online multiplayer, but you can get it on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is an action-adventure, puzzle shooter game that has been released on the PlayStation and PC. It is available on Steam for download. Though it doesn't support multiplayer, it still received an overall good rating.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is an excellent real-time strategy game that was released in 2002 by Blizzard Entertainment. It is a bird view perspective multiplayer game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos was developed by Blizzard Entertainment, and was released in 2002. It is an excellent real-time strategy game that is played from a bird view. It can be played in a multiplayer mode.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy multiplayer game that was released in 2002 by Blizzard Entertainment. It has a bird's eye view and received excellent reviews.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure role-playing shooter for PlayStation, and it has excellent ratings.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure RPG with shooter elements. You can play it now on PlayStation.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent action-adventure role-playing shooter game that is available on PlayStation.Layers of Fear is an indie first person adventure point-and-click game. It's available on Steam, and you can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, or PC.Layers of Fear is a first person point-and-click adventure game available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch and PC. This indie game is also available on Steam.Layers of Fear is an indie first person point-and-click game involving adventure, which can be played on numerous systems, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch or PC. It is available for download on the Steam platform too.Bus Driver is an indie driving/racing simulation game developed by SCS Software. The game was released for PC and is currently available on Steam, but Linux and Mac are not supported. It is a single-player only game.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulation game developed by SCS Software. It is only released for PC and does not have multiplayer. You can download it on Steam, but with no Linux or Mac versions.Bus Driver is an indie driving simulator with no multiplayer in it. It was developed by SCS Software for PC and Steam. It has yet to see any Linux or Mac release.Little Big Adventure is a decent action-adventure game. Sadly, it is not multiplayer and will be hard to find, since it came out in 1994.Little Big Adventure is a single-player action-adventure game from 1994, and it has average ratings.If you like action-adventure games then you should try the 1994 video game called Little Big Adventure. It has an average rating but unfortunately has no multiplayer.The action-adventure game from 1994, Little Big Adventure, was rated T (for Teen). This game is played from a third person view, has no multiplayer, and received only average ratings.Little Big Adventure is an average third person action-adventure game released in 1994. It is rated T (for Teen) and does not feature multiplayer.Little Big Adventure is an average third person action-adventure rated T (for Teen). Released in 1994, the game does not have a multiplayer option.Payday 2 on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC is a multiplayer shooter RPG with average ratings. It is available on Steam.Payday 2 is a role-playing shooter game that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC. It is available on Steam. It can be played multiplayer. It has an average rating.Payday 2 is an average-rated role-playing and shooter game released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available on Steam, and it has multiplayer capabilities.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 by Neversoft Entertainment was an average sport game. It was released in 2001 is rated T. It has a third person perspective.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average third person sport game that is rated T (for Teen). It was developed by Neversoft Entertainment and was released in 2001.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an average third person sports game that came out in 2001. It was developed by Neversoft Entertainment and rated T (for Teen).Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris came out in 2014 and is an average action-adventure puzzle rated T (for Teen). The shooter game is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, while also being available on Steam.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a decent 2014 action-adventure puzzle shooter. It is out for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is T (for Teen). It is also available on Steam.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an average puzzler action-adventure shooter game that was released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam. The game is rated T (for Teen).Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is a tactical action-adventure shooter with no multiplayer. It is rated M (for Mature) and was released in 2004.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater came out in 2004 as a single-player game only. It's a tactical shooter rated M (for Mature) with a lot of action and adventure.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was released in 2004. It's a tactical game that plays out as an action-adventure shooter with no multiplayer support. It's rated M (for Mature).The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing, puzzle game. It is rated E, but has no multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a action-adventure, puzzle, role-playing game that is rated E (for Everyone), though it doesn't have multiplayer it has received overall excellent ratings.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure puzzle game. The role-playing game is rated E (for Everyone) but has no multiplayer option.Assassin's Creed II is a good third person action-adventure platformer.For an action-adventure and platformer game title that has good ratings with a third person perspective, check out Assassin's Creed II.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure platformer with a third person perspective.If you are looking for a good third person action-adventure shooter that has puzzles, try Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It is available on PlayStation and PC, and you can get it on Steam. There is no multiplayer mode, though.Another single-player action-adventure puzzle game with good ratings is Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It's a third person shooter on PlayStation and PC, which is also available on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good third person action-adventure shooter with puzzles that was released for PlayStation and PC and is currently available on Steam. It does not feature multiplayer.Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulator that has been released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, including the Linux processor but not the Mac. It is rated E (for Everyone).Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulator rated E (for Everyone). It can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC (with Linux support), but not on Mac.Assetto Corsa is a sport racing simulation game rated E (for Everyone). It is on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Linux. It has no Mac support.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie title that is a third person hack-and-slash adventure game. It does not have any multiplayer modes. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with it also being available on Steam. It is rated M (for Mature).If you like indie hack-and-slash games, Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent single-player third person adventure game. It is rated M (for Mature). It is available on Steam, and it runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is supposedly an excellent indie adventure hack-and-slash game for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This third person game is available on Steam but does not feature multiplayer. It is rated M (for Mature).Madden NFL 15 is a decent sport simulation game with both a bird's eye and a third person view. The game was released in 2014 for the PlayStation and Xbox consoles only.Madden NFL 15 is a decent third person sports simulation game that allows you to play from a bird view perspective too. It was released in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox consoles only.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation from a bird view and third person. It came out in 2014 for PlayStation and Xbox.Euro Truck Simulator is a 2008 first person driving simulator. It is poorly rated and made for PC only, while available on Steam.Euro Truck Simulator is a poor driving simulator from a first person perspective. The game came out in 2008, and is only available on PC. You can, of course, get it on Steam.2008's driving simulation game, Euro Truck Simulator, has relatively poor ratings. Th game is played in the first person and is available on PC via Steam.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an adventure shooter game that is being released on September 14, 2018 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can play this from a third person perspective.If you like third person adventure shooters, look for the new Shadow of the Tomb Raider, set to be released September 14, 2018. It will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Shadow of the Tomb Raider is a third person shooting game where players get to explore and have wild adventure. It will be available on September 14, 2018 for Xbox, PlayStation, and PC.Mafia is an excellent driving/racing and fighting third person shooter that was out in 2002 with an M (for Mature) rating.In 2002 an excellent game called Mafia was released. It is a third person shooting, fighting and driving game. It is an adult game that's rated M (for Mature).If you like games with fighting, Mafia is an excellent game that is rated M (for Mature). It is a third person driving/racing shooter from 2002.Half-Life 2 is a first person shooter available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, Linux, and Mac. The game doesn't offer multiplayer support.Half-Life 2 is a single-player first person shooter for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is supported both on Linux and Mac.The single-player first person shooter, Half-Life 2, can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. There is both a Linux and a Mac release.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure game with shooter elements available on Steam. It's out on PlayStation, PC, and Mac, but not Linux.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a third person action-adventure shooter game that is available on PC and PlayStation. The game is also available on Steam and supported on Mac, though not on Linux.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an action-adventure shooter played in a third person view. It can only be played on PlayStation or PC, with additional Mac support, not Linux though. You can purchase it on Steam.Released in 1998, Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a tactical strategy game with multiplayer capabilities and rated suitable for teens.Hey, try the multiplayer tactical strategy game, Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, from 1998. It's rated T (for Teen).Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a 1998 tactical game that involves strategy. The game offers multiplayer and is rated T (for Teen).Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter game by Remedy Entertainment. As a multiplatform developer, Remedy Entertainment created the game to be available on PlayStation, Xbox, Mac, and PC. It is available on Steam but does not have a Linux release.Max Payne by Remedy Entertainment is an action-adventure shooter that is out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac. It is available on Steam; however, it is not released on Linux.Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter developed by Remedy Entertainment. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam, as well as Mac. There is no Linux release of Max Payne.Need for Speed: Shift was developed by Slightly Mad Studios, and was released with an E (for Everyone) rating. It's a driving/racing simulation game. It has a multiplayer option, and can be played in either first person, or third person.Need for Speed: Shift by Slightly Mad Studios is a driving sim rated E (for Everyone). There's first and third person views and multiplayer.Need for Speed: Shift is a first person and third person driving/racing simulator with multiplayer. It was developed by Slightly Mad Studios and rated E (for Everyone).If you like turn-based strategy role-playing games, I would suggest trying out Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne that came out in 2002. It is rated T (for Teen). In this multiplayer game, the player gets a bird view perspective.The turn-based role-playing strategy game, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne, is a good choice for teenagers as it features multiplayer action with a T rating. It was released in 2002 and offers a bird view game play perspective.Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne from 2002 has a bird view and is multiplayer. It is a role-playing, turn-based strategy game and is rated T (for Teen).Assassin's Creed II is an action-adventure game released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The single-player experience was released for Mac but does not offer a Linux release. Critical reception was good for the platformer.The action-adventure platformer Assassin's Creed II is considered a good game and is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Mac and PC. It was not released on Linux, and there is no multiplayer mode.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure platformer, but it doesn't have multiplayer. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Mac, but not Linux.Tarsier Studios developed a puzzle, adventure, platformer game called Little Nightmares. There is a Linux version but it's not available for Mac and it can be played on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle platformer that was developed by Tarsier Studios. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, PC as well as Linux, though it doesn't have a Mac release as well.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle game by Tarsier Studios. The platformer game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The title is not available on Mac, but can be played on Linux.Assassin's Creed II is a good game that was developed by Ubisoft Montreal. It is an action-adventure platformer rated M (for Mature). It does not have multiplayer.Assassin's Creed II is a good action-adventure platformer, but does not have a multiplayer. It was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and is rated M (for Mature).A fun action-adventure platformer I played is Assassin's Creed II, developed by Ubisoft Montreal. The game has no multiplayer mode, and it is for mature audiences only.Ori and the Blind Forest is out on Xbox and PC, but it is not on Linux or Mac. It's an excellent adventure, puzzle platformer with a side view. It was released in 2015.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent adventure platformer game that came out in 2015. This puzzle game is played from the side view perspective for Xbox and PC. You can't play this game on Linux or Mac.Ori and the Blind Forest was released in 2015, and it is an excellent side view adventure, puzzle platformer. It runs on Xbox and PC, but it is not out on Linux or Mac.Core Design, the developers of the action-adventure shooter game Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, used a third person perspective in this game. The PlayStation and PC game also has a Mac version, but no Linux release.If you want a third person action-adventure shooter, try Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness, developed by Core Design. You can get it on PlayStation and PC. There is a Mac release, but not Linux.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness by Core Design is a third person action-adventure shooter. It runs on PlayStation and PC, including Mac, but it is not released on Linux.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory by Ubisoft Montreal is an action-tactical multiplayer game. It came out in 2005 and is rated M (for Mature). It is set in both first person and third person.In 2005 Ubisoft Montreal released Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, a multiplayer tactical action game rated M (for Mature). It allows you to switch between first and third person view.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a tactical action game by Ubisoft Montreal that was released in 2005. It supports both first person and third person game play, as well as multiplayer. It received an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is a real-time strategy sim that is available on the PC. However, it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is an RTS sim for PC. There are no Linux or Mac releases.Stronghold 2 by Firefly Studios is a real-time strategy simulation game for PC, but it is not supported on Linux or Mac.An option for a role-playing and turn-based strategy game would be Might & Magic: Heroes VI, which was released in 2011 with average ratings. The developer Black Hole Entertainment created the game with bird view perspective. It is rated T (for Teen).The turn-based role-playing strategy game Might & Magic: Heroes VI by Black Hole Entertainment is considered an average game by reviewers. The bird view perspective video game was released in 2011 and rated T (for Teen).Might & Magic: Heroes VI was released in 2011 by developer Black Hole Entertainment with an average rating. This bird view perspective game is rated T (for Teen) and was placed in the genre of role-playing and turn-based strategy.I recently played the sports game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. It was made by the developer Neversoft Entertainment for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, as well as PC via Steam. It was not released for Linux, but it has a Mac support.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 by Neversoft Entertainment is a sports game. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and is supported on Mac. However, it is not on Linux and is not available on Steam.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a sports game by Neversoft Entertainment for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. This game is not available on Steam and cannot be played on Linux, but it can be played on Mac.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game released in 2014 by Tin Man Games. It has an average rating, but no multiplayer.Tin Man Games released a single-player text adventure RPG in 2014 called The Forest of Doom. It received average reviews.The Forest of Doom was developed by Tin Man Games, and was released in 2014. It's an average role-playing text adventure game. There is no multiplayer mode.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation and strategy game played from a bird's eye view. It was released in 1999 and has no multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon from 1999 is a good simulation strategy game. It has a bird view, but no multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a single-player bird view strategy and simulation game. It was released in 1999 with good ratings and reception.Spider-Man is a third person action-adventure game. It is developed by Insomniac Games for PlayStation. It will be released on September 7, 2018.Spider-Man is a new third person action-adventure from Insomniac Games. It is set for release on September 7, 2018 for PlayStation.Insomniac Games should release Spider-Man on September 7, 2018. It will be a third person action-adventure game for PlayStation.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a fun real-time strategy game developed by Ensemble Studios. The bird view game is rated T (for Teen) and was received well by critics.Real-time strategy enthusiasts will love Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings by Ensemble Studios. The game is rated T (for Teen) with a good rating. There is a bird view perspective in this game.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good real-time strategy game that has a bird view. Ensemble Studios developed it, and it is rated T (for Teen).Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was released by Climax Studios in 2016. It is a poorly rated action-adventure platformer.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is considered a rather poor action-adventure platformer released in 2016 by Climax Studios.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is a poor action-adventure platformer developed by Climax Studios that released in 2016.Superhot is a tactical shooter released by an indie developer in 2016. It's a single-player only game restricted to first person perspective.Superhot, from 2016, is an indie tactical FPS. The game, however, has no multiplayer.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter game played in the first person. It was released in 2016 and doesn't have multiplayer.For a first person shooter and puzzle platformer, try Portal 2. It is available on PlayStation and PC, and can be found on Steam.Portal 2 is a platforming first person shooter with puzzle elements. It was released on PlayStation and PC and is available on Steam.Portal 2 is a first person platformer shooter that involves puzzle solving. It is available on Steam, and is out on is on PlayStation and PC platforms.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy with multiplayer. It was released in 1999.In 1999 a multiplayer turn-based strategy, Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia, was released.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a multiplayer turn-based strategy that came out in 1999.The sport simulation game, NHL 15, is developed for PlayStation and Xbox only, and rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). It is played from a bird view perspective and has multiplayer.NHL 15 is a sport sim almost everyone can play thanks to its E 10+ rating. It's limited to a bird's eye view, but you can play on PlayStation and Xbox with your friends because there is even a multiplayer feature.NHL 15 is an E 10+ rated sports sim for PlayStation and Xbox only. It uses a strategic bird view perspective, and has a multiplayer mode.Resident Evil 4 is a third person shooter game. Even though it doesn't have multiplayer, I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys action-adventure games.Resident Evil 4 is a single-player action-adventure shooter with third person perspective.Resident Evil 4 is a third person action-adventure shooter with no multiplayer features.Codemasters Birmingham developed a gamed called F1 2014, which is a sport racing simulator.F1 2014 is a sport driving/racing simulator made by Codemasters Birmingham.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulator that was developed by Codemasters Birmingham.EA Tiburon made Madden NFL 15 and as you might expect it's your average sports simulator. You can pick it up for the big two, Xbox and PlayStation, and play multiplayer through Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network.Madden NFL 15 is your average sport simulation game for the PlayStation and Xbox consoles. Developed by EA Tiburon, this game offers a multiplayer mode.Madden NFL 15 is an average sport simulation by EA Tiburon. The game has multiplayer and is on PlayStation and Xbox.The PlayStation exclusive action-adventure game, The Last of Us, was released in 2013. It has been rated excellent, as it is enjoyed by people who like third person shooters.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure shooter game. It's a third person game from 2013 that was released for PlayStation.The Last of Us is an excellent third person shooter game that is action-adventure. The game is on PlayStation only and came out in 2013.If you are looking for a multiplayer racing simulation game, rated E (for Everyone), check out Need for Speed: Shift. It was developed by Slightly Mad Studios and released in 2009.Need for Speed: Shift is a racing simulator developed by Slightly Mad Studios and received an E (for Everyone) rating. The game released in 2009 and has multiplayer support.Need for Speed: Shift by Slightly Mad Studios is rated E (for Everyone). It is a multiplayer driving/racing simulator that came out in 2009.The simulation and real-time strategy game, Stronghold 2, was released in 2005 and has multiplayer.Stronghold 2 is a multiplayer real-time strategy-simulation that was released in 2005.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game released in 2005 with multiplayer support.Portal 2 is a puzzle and platforming shooter game by Valve Corporation. You play in first person, and there's a multiplayer mode.Portal 2 is a puzzle-platforming first person shooter. It was developed by Valve Corporation and has multiplayer functionality.Portal 2 from Valve Corporation is a platforming puzzle-shooter with first person view and multiplayer.Layers of Fear is an indie point-and-click adventure game with a first person player perspective. It has a poor rating, does not have multiplayer, and is rate M (for Mature) by the ESRB.Layers of Fear was a first person perspective game that could only be played single-player. It is an indie point-and-click adventure game. It was rated M (for Mature) and was rated as poor by the players.Layers of Fear is a single-player first person indie adventure, point-and-click game with poor ratings. It is rated M (for Mature).Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy sim with a bird's eye view. It was released by Firaxis Games with an E 10+ rating, and has received positive reviews.Sid Meier's Civilization V by Firaxis Games is a good E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) game. It's a turn-based simulation-strategy game set in bird view.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn-based simulation strategy that features a bird view perspective. It was developed by Firaxis Games and has ESRB rating of E 10+ (for everyone 10 and older). It has received overall good ratings.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is a third person MMORPG by Blizzard Entertainment. The game will be released for PC on August 14, 2018.August 14, 2018 will see the release of Blizzard Entertainment's World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, a third person MMORPG available exclusively on PC.Blizzard Entertainment has a new MMORPG coming out August 14, 2018 for PC. It's called World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth and is a third person perspective game.Driver is a 1999 driving simulation game that is available on PlayStation, PC and Mac, but not Linux.Driver is a driving/racing simulation game made in 1999. It's available for PlayStation, PC and Mac with no Linux release.Driver is a driving simulation game that was released in 1999. It can be played on PlayStation and PC. It is released on Mac but not on Linux.Need for Speed: The Run is a first and third person racing game. It's on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but it isn't on Steam.The racing game Need for Speed: The Run is available on most platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. The game can be played in both first and third person perspectives, but do not expect to find it on Steam.If you're looking for a racing game available for any platform, such as PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo or PC, check out Need For Speed: The Run. Keep in mind, however, that it's not available on Steam. The game has both first person and third person view options.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average pinball puzzle game that came out in 2005 from Fuse Games for Nintendo only. This game is rated E (for Everyone) and has multiplayer functionality.Metroid Prime Pinball was an average pinball puzzle game released in 2005 by Fuse Games for the Nintendo. It had a multiplayer mode and was rated E (for Everyone).Metroid Prime Pinball is a decent puzzle-pinball game suitable for all ages. Fuse Games made the game in 2005 for Nintendo consoles and included a multiplayer mode.Football Manager 2015 is a sport simulation strategy game. It has multiplayer mode.Football Manager 2015 is a simulation strategy sports game. This game also has multiplayer functionality.Football Manager 2015 is sport simulation game as well as a strategy game, and it does have multiplayer.The Elder Scrolls Online is first and third person MMORPG game with average user ratings. It was developed by ZeniMax Online Studios in 2014 and rated M (for Mature).ZeniMax Online Studios released The Elder Scrolls Online in 2014. This M (for Mature) rated MMORPG has average ratings but offers both first and third person views.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG by ZeniMax Online Studios. Released in 2014, it is only suitable for more mature players (M rated) and can be played in first or third person modes.If you like third person sports games, you should try Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, created by the folks at Neversoft Entertainment. The game has received an average rating. It was released on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo and PC, but is not available on Steam.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a third person sports game by the developer Neversoft Entertainment for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. They do not offer it on Steam and it has received overall average reviews.Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, by Neversoft Entertainment, is a decent third person sports game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but is not available on Steam.A racing game that you should check out is Need For Speed: Most Wanted. It's a multiplayer game released in 2005 for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. It was not released for Steam, Linux, or Mac.Released in 2005, Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a racing game that has multiplayer. It is available on Nintendo, PC, Xbox, and PlayStation. It is not available on Steam, Linux, or Mac.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a 2005 racing game with multiplayer. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC but with no Steam support. It currently does not have a Linux or Mac release.Transport Tycoon, by developer Chris Sawyer, is a simulation strategy game from a bird view perspective. It was released in 1994.Transport Tycoon was released by Chris Sawyer all the way back in 1994. It's a strategy sim that lets you take a bird view while you play.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy played from a bird view. It was made by developer Chris Sawyer and released in 1994.Worms: Reloaded, by Team17 Digital Ltd, launched in 2010 to average reviews. It is an E 10+ rated action strategy platformer that has a side view. The main focus is on player versus player strategy, hence it offers a multiplayer mode.Worms: Reloaded is a strategic side view platformer with a lot of action and a multiplayer mode. It was developed by Team17 Digital Ltd and came out in 2010 with an E 10+ rating, but got only mediocre reviews.Worms: Reloaded is an action platforming strategy from 2010. Developed by Team17 Digital Ltd, it received average ratings. It is rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older). You play this from a side view perspective, and there is a multiplayer mode available.Half-Life 2 is an excellent shooter game. It was developed by Valve Corporation, and it is single-player only.Half-Life 2 is an excellent single-player shooter by Valve Corporation. The game does not have a multiplayer mode.Half-Life 2, developed by Valve Corporation, is an excellent shooter game, but it cannot be played multiplayer.Skyforge is a poor adventure, hack-and-slash, MMORPG that was developed by Allods Online and released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Skyforge was released by Allods Online. It's a poor adventure, hack-and-slash MMORPG, that was released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Skyforge is a lackluster adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG by Allods Online. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure platformer puzzle game for the Xbox and PC. There is no multiplayer mode.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure, puzzle platformer that does not have multiplayer. It was released for Xbox and PC.Ori and the Blind Forest is an adventure puzzle platformer for Xbox and PC that has no multiplayer function.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an excellent third person shooter full of action and adventure. The role-playing aspects let you decide the path of the player. The game was released exclusively for PlayStation by Guerrilla Games, and is suitable for teenagers.Horizon: Zero Dawn is a highly rated game that was developed by Guerrilla Games. It's rated T (for Teen) and you can play it on your PlayStation. It's a third person shooter game with role-playing elements and a lot of action and adventure.Horizon: Zero Dawn by Guerrilla Games is an excellent third person action-adventure game with shooter and RPG elements. It's on the PlayStation and has a T (for Teen) rating.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average-rated pinball, puzzle game with multiplayer. It is rated E (for Everyone), and is available for Nintendo.A decent game that I have played in the past is the pinball puzzle game Metroid Prime Pinball. It is rated E (for everyone), and you can play it multiplayer. It is made for the Nintendo consoles only.Metroid Prime Pinball is an E-rated puzzle pinball game for Nintendo DS. It features a multiplayer mode but received only average reviews.Transport Tycoon is a bird view strategy and simulation game.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game where you play from a bird view perspective.Transport Tycoon is a bird view simulation strategy game.Rise of the Tomb Raider was a good action-adventure, shooter game that included multiplayer and was released in 2015.If you want a action-adventure game, Rise of the Tomb Raider is a good multiplayer shooter from 2015.Rise of the Tomb Raider was released in 2015. This game was given pretty good reviews and it also has a multiplayer mode. Throughout this game it goes between an action-adventure style and a shooter.Need for Speed: Shift is a first and third person driving/racing simulator by Slightly Mad Studios. It was released in 2009 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not for Linux or Mac.The driving simulation game, Need for Speed: Shift, was developed in 2009 by Slightly Mad Studios for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. This racing game can be played first or third person, but has no Linux or Mac release.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulator developed by Slightly Mad Studios. Originally released in 2009, it offers both first person and third person perspectives. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Linux or Mac.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan for the PlayStation. It is a tactical action-adventure shooter with a variety of perspectives (first and third person, and bird's eye). Though there is no multiplayer, it has an excellent rating.An excellent action-adventure tactical shooter for PlayStation is Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan. It allows the player to choose among bird view, and first or third person. It does not have multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an excellent PlayStation game. It's an action-adventure tactical shooter developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan. The game switches between a bird view, first person, and third person perspective. Unfortunately, it offers no multiplayer.If you like music games, then you should try the Xbox video game created by Konami called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Note, however, that it has rather poor ratings.The music game, Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 has a poor rating and was produced by Konami. It's an Xbox exclusive.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poor music game by Konami released exclusively for the Xbox.Little Nightmares was a pretty fun puzzle-adventure from 2017. It doesn't have any multiplayer, but they made the puzzles work from the side view platformer perspective.Little Nightmares, released in 2017, is a good game with side view perspective. The game is a puzzle adventure platformer that does not have the capabilities of multiplayer.A good puzzle adventure platformer with side view perspective is Little Nightmares, which came out in 2017. It does not have multiplayer.The Crew 2 by Ivory Tower is a multiplayer third person driving/racing game. It is expected to be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on June 29, 2018.The Crew 2 is a third person driving/racing game by Ivory Tower. It has multiplayer and will be available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It will be out on June 29, 2018.The Crew 2, expected to be released June 29, 2018, is being developed by Ivory Tower as a third person driving/racing game. It will be released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC with multiplayer capabilities.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an excellent action-adventure puzzle role-playing game developed by Nintendo EAD in 1998. The game offers a bird's eye and third person view and has no multiplayer. The game is only available on Nintendo.If you like action-adventure games that involve puzzle solving, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is an amazing single-player role-playing game by Nintendo EAD. It is played in bird view and third person view. It was released in 1998 for Nintendo only.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a single-player action-adventure role-playing game with puzzle solving. It is an excellent game with both bird view and third person perspectives. It was released in 1998 by Nintendo EAD for the Nintendo consoles only.2015 saw the release of Life is Strange, a third person RPG. It's a single-player only game.Life is Strange is 2015 single-player, third person role-playing game.Released in 2015, Life is Strange is a role-playing, third person game with no multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is a tactical action-adventure shooter that you can play in first or third person perspective, and even from a bird's eye view. It's only available on PlayStation and there is no multiplayer mode.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an action-adventure, tactical shooter game for the PlayStation. The game allows the player to switch between bird view, first person, and third person perspectives. It does not have multiplayer.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is an action-adventure tactical shooter game exclusively for PlayStation. It can be played in bird view, first person and third person perspective. You cannot play it multiplayer with your friends though.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is a third person MMORPG. It is expected out on August 14, 2018.August 14, 2018 is the release date for World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, the third person MMORPG.World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth is to be released on August 14, 2018 as a third person MMORPG.If you are into text adventure single-player RPGs you should check out The Forest of Doom. It is a game by Tin Man Games that is out for PC, Linux, and Mac through Steam.The Forest of Doom is a text adventure RPG released by Tin Man Games. Naturally, there is no multiplayer, but the game is available on Steam for PC, Mac, and Linux.The Forest of Doom is a text adventure RPG developed by Tin Man Games. It is a good single-player only game available on PC via Steam and also on Linux and Mac.Life is Strange is a solid third person role-playing game.Life is Strange is a third person role-playing game with mostly positive ratings.If you like fun third person role-playing games, then you should try Life is Strange.If you want a fun multiplayer platformer, you could try Super Mario World. It's Nintendo EAD's flagship for the Nintendo consoles. I'd say it's great to play with younger kids, as it's rated E (for Everyone).Super Mario World was developed by Nintendo EAD. It was released for the Nintendo platform with a rating of E (for Everyone). It is a platformer game with a multiplayer mode.Nintendo EAD devoloped Super Mario World for the Nintendo platform. It is a multiplayer platformer suitable for all audiences.Grand Theft Auto V, developed in 2013 by developer Rockstar North, is an action-adventure driving and shooting game.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter with a lot of driving, developed by Rockstar North in 2013.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure game that involves both shooting and driving. It was developed by Rockstar North and released in 2013.A Way Out is a good 2018 action-adventure game for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. However, you cannot play this on Steam, Linux, or Mac.A Way Out is a solid action-adventure game from 2018. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not on Linux or Mac, and it is not available on Steam.A Way Out is a fun action-adventure game from 2018. The game is available for PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. Mac, Linux, and Steam do not have the game.Euro Truck Simulator has no multiplayer, but is good for people who like the experience of simulated driving.Euro Truck Simulator is driving simulation game. The game is single-player only.Euro Truck Simulator is a single-player driving simulation game.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG game that is rated M (for Mature) and came out in 2014. The game can be played in either first person or third person.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG rated M (for Mature). The game was released in 2014 and features a first and third person point of view.The Elder Scrolls Online is a first and third person MMORPG rated M. It was released in 2014 and received average ratings.Tetris is a side view strategic puzzle arcade game.Tetris is a side view arcade puzzle and strategy game.Tetris is a side view puzzle-strategy arcade game.The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure game that came out in 2013 for PlayStation only. The third person shooter can be played multiplayer.The Last of Us is an excellent third person action-adventure shooter. It was released in 2013 for the PlayStation and has a multiplayer feature.The Last of Us was released in 2013. It's an excellent third person action-adventure shooter game for PlayStation. The game offers a multiplayer option.Super Bomberman, an action-packed strategy game rated E (for Everyone), was released in 1993. The bird view player perspective game has been getting average ratings and is single-player.For a single-player strategic action game with bird view perspective, try Super Bomberman from 1993. It has average reviews and is rated E (for Everyone).Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game that came out in 1993. The game, played in a bird view perspective, is rated E and does not have multiplayer functionality.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice has surprised people with its fantastic reception. It's an indie hack-and-slash adventure that really stands up to the high-dollar retail games on the market. You can get it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam, but there's no Mac or Linux releases yet.If you like hack-and-slash adventure games, you should try Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. It's an excellent indie game that you can play on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and it's available on Steam, though it doesn't run on Linux or Mac.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie adventure hack-and-slash. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC with Steam availability, but unfortunately does not have a Linux or Mac release.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a multiplayer real-time strategy game.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game that can be played multiplayer.Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos is a real-time strategy game that can be played multiplayer.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action game and first person shooter. It was released on PlayStation and Xbox. It was also released on PC, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action, first person, shooter developed for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has no Linux or Mac support.If you're looking for an action shooter game, try Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. It has a first person player perspective, and it's available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no Linux or Mac release.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an average action shooter that is rated M (for Mature). It was released in 2014 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, is an average action and shooter game. It was not released for Linux or Mac. It is rated M (for Mature).Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a mature action shooting game that came out in 2014. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but don't expect it to run on either Linux or Mac. It received average reviews.Max Payne is a third person action-adventure shooter game. It's rated M.Max Payne was released with an M (for Mature) rating. It's an action-adventure, shooter game, that is played in the third person.Max Payne is a Mature rated third person shooter with action-adventure elements.NHL 15 is a sport simulation game developed for PlayStation and Xbox. The bird view game released in 2014 with an E 10+ rating to average critical reviews.NHL 15 is an average sport, simulation game that has a bird view perspective. It was rated E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older) and was released for PlayStation and Xbox in 2014.NHL 15 is a 2014 sport simulation game in bird view. It has an ESRB rating of E 10+ (for Everyone 10 and Older), and it runs on PlayStation and Xbox. The game received average ratings.FIFA 12 was released in 2011. It's an average E rated simulation sports game that is played from a bird's eye or side view.FIFA 12 was an average simulation sport game released in 2011. It's rated E and has a bird view and side view perspective.FIFA 12 is an average sport simulation that is rated E (for Everyone). This game came out in 2011 and has a bird view or side view perspective.Outlast II, is a decent indie adventure game. It was developed by Red Barrels and is rated M (for Mature).Outlast II by Red Barrels is an indie adventure game with average ratings. It is rated M (for Mature.Outlast II is an indie adventure game developed by Red Barrels. It has received average ratings, and has an ESRB rating of M (for Mature).Worms: Reloaded is a strategy platformer game. This action game is available for PC on both Mac and Linux platforms.Worms: Reloaded is an action platformer game for PC. The strategy game is available on Linux and Mac as well.Worms: Reloaded is an action and strategy platformer game for PC that was also released for Linux and Mac.The Room is an indie first person point-and-click puzzle game. It does not have multiplayer.The Room is an indie point-and-click puzzle game played in the first person. There isn't any multiplayer support.If you like indie point-and-click puzzle games, then you should try The Room. It uses the first person perspective, but, unfortunately, it has no multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good action-adventure game that is on PlayStation and PC only. This puzzle shooter is also on Steam.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was a good action-adventure shooter puzzle game for the PlayStation and PC. You can get it on Steam.The next time you're on Steam, look for Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. It is a good action-adventure puzzle shooter. In addition to PC, it is available on PlayStation.Skyforge is a third person hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac. It was released in 2015 to mostly negative reviews.Skyforge is a third person massively multiplayer online role-playing game in the adventure hack-and-slash genre. It was released in 2015, and is available on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC platforms. It does not have a Linux and Mac release, and is rated poorly.Skyforge is a poor third person adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG released in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not for Linux or Mac.There is a good tactical strategy in Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines and even offers a multiplayer.If you are into tactical strategy games, you should look into Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. It got a good rating and even has multiplayer.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy-tactical game with multiplayer mode.Layers of Fear is a adventure, indie, point-and-click game released in 2015 on the PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and PC. It is available for download on Steam. It is in the first person perspective and does not have multiplayer.An indie adventure game, Layers of Fear, was released in 2015 to be played on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Steam. It is a first person, point-and-click game that cannot be played multiplayer.Released in 2015, Layers of Fear is an indie point-and-click first person adventure game with no multiplayer. It's out on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, PC, and Steam.Resident Evil 4 is considered an excellent action-adventure, third person shooter and was released in 2005.Resident Evil 4 is an excellent third person shooter game. This action-adventure game came out 2005.Resident Evil 4 from 2005 is an excellent, dark, action-adventure shooter. Its use of third person point of view makes the game fun.Try Need for Speed: Shift, Slightly Mad Studios released it in 2009 and it got average ratings. It's a driving simulator with first and third person perspectives.Need for Speed: Shift from Slightly Mad Studios is a racing simulation game that came out in 2009. At an average rating, the game features both first and third person perspective.The 2009 game, Need for Speed: Shift, is a rather average game for a racing simulator. It allows you to drive with a first or third person perspective, according to your preference. It's a game by Slightly Mad Studios.Final Fantasy VII is a great adventure role-playing game released in 1997. It was developed for PlayStation and PC, but does not support Linux and Mac systems. You can find the game on Steam.If you like adventure RPGs, you should try Final Fantasy VII, an awesome game from 1997. You can play it on just about every PlayStation console. It's also on the PC via Steam, but there's no Mac or Linux release.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game from 1997. You can play the game on PlayStation or PC, and you can get it on Steam too. Linux and Mac systems are not supported.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game that, thanks to its E (for Everyone) ESRB rating and multiplayer capabilities, is great for the whole family. It was released in 2011 and offers both bird view and side view.FIFA 12 is a 2011 simulation-sport in bird view and side view. It has multiplayer mode, and it is E (for Everyone).FIFA 12 is a sports simulator played with a bird- and side view. It was released in 2011 with multiplayer features. It has an E content rating.Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter. It is rated T (for Teen) and is out on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and is supported by Mac, and Linux. It is also available on Steam.Superhot is an indie first person tactical shooter, rated T (for Teen). It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can download it on Steam, and there is both a Linux and Mac release.Superhot is a first person indie tactical shooter game. It was released on PlayStation, Xbox, PC with a Linux and Mac release and is available on Steam. It is rated T (for Teen).FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game that was developed by EA Canada. It offers a bird view, as well as a side view perspective. It received average ratings.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game with both bird view and side view perspectives. It has received average ratings and was developed by EA Canada.FIFA 12 is a sport simulation game developed by EA Canada. The game runs in bird view or side view, and was released to average reviews.The Elder Scrolls Online is an MMORPG of average quality. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and can be downloaded on Steam. There is a Mac release, but not for Linux.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average MMORPG that released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam and has a Mac release, but does not have a Linux release.The Elder Scrolls Online is an average-rated MMORPG. It is available on Steam, and is on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is released for Mac, but not for Linux.StarCraft is a real-time strategy game for PC only.StarCraft is a real-time strategy that has been released for PC only.StarCraft is a real-time strategy that runs on PC only.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulator that came out in 2014. The sport game has support for both first person and third person as well.F1 2014 was released in 2014 as a sport racing sim with first and third person perspectives.F1 2014 is a 2014 sport racing simulation game. It can be played in both first and third person perspectives.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash role-playing game with multiplayer availability. It was released for PC in 2000. It is available for Mac but not for Linux.Diablo II is a good hack-and-slash RPG from 2000. It is a multiplayer game. It is available for PC and Mac but not Linux.A good hack-and-slash, role-playing game is Diablo II released in 2000. It has a multiplayer mode. It came out on PC and Mac but not on Linux.Try MotorStorm: Apocalypse for PlayStation if you enjoy vehicular combat games.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game exclusively for PlayStation.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat game for PlayStation only.Metro Exodus is a tactical adventure shooter game that is expected to be released in 2019. It is a first person perspective game that will be released on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Metro Exodus is a tactical adventure first person shooter to be released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2019.Metro Exodus, expected to be released in 2019, is in development as a first person adventure tactical shooter game. It will be released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Trivial Pursuit is a poor multiplayer trivia/board game. It was developed by Electronic Arts.Trivial Pursuit is a rather poor trivia/board game. At least Electronic Arts realized that it needed multiplayer, so it has that going for it.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game developed by Electronic Arts. The game does offer multiplayer, but was received poorly by critics.Released in 1994, Transport Tycoon is a simulation and strategy game.Transport Tycoon from 1994 is a simulation strategy game.Transport Tycoon is a simulation strategy game. It came out in 1994.If you like action-adventure platformer games then you might want to try Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India despite the poor rating. It is released on the PlayStation, Xbox and PC but unfortunately has no support for Linux or Mac.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is an action-adventure platformer game. Though it's received some poor ratings and doesn't have a Mac or Linux release, it can be played on PlayStation, Xbox as well as PC.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India is an action-adventure platformer which received poor ratings from players. The game is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and has no Linux or Mac release.Metroid Prime Pinball is an average pinball game by Fuse Games that is rated E (for everyone). This puzzle game is only available for Nintendo.Metroid Prime Pinball by Fuse Games is an E (for Everyone) pinball-puzzle game. It runs on Nintendo, and it has average ratings.The Nintendo pinball puzzler, Metroid Prime Pinball by Fuse Games is a game that has been declared suitable for everyone but has attained only average ratings.The Last of Us is an action-adventure shooter that has received excellent ratings. It was developed by Naughty Dog and is rated M (for Mature).The Last of Us is an excellent action-adventure game that also includes a shooter aspect. It was developed by Naughty Dog. The game includes some mature content and is thus rated M so that young kids know that they shouldn't play it until they get a little older.The Last of Us, by Naughty Dog is an excellent action-adventure shooter. It has an M (for Mature) rating.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is an average indie adventure game from 2014. Its single-player campaign, developed by the Astronauts, is presented entirely in first person.The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was developed by The Astronauts and released in 2014. It is a first person indie adventure game. This single-player game received an average rating.If you like first person indie adventure games, then you should try the 2014 game developed by The Astronauts, called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It has an average rating and no multiplayer.BioShock is a good role-playing, action-adventure, shooter that released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC in 2007. It is available on Steam, and it has a Mac release but not a Linux release.BioShock is a good action-adventure role-playing game that came out in 2007 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The shooter game is not available on Linux, but is available on Mac and Steam.BioShock was good. It was released in 2007 on PlayStation, Xbox,PC, and Mac, but no Linux. It's an action-adventure, role-playing and shooter game, and you can find it on Steam.StarCraft, released in 1998, is a good real-time strategy in the bird view perspective. It has multiplayer capabilities and is rated T (for Teen).A 1998 multiplayer real-time strategy, StarCraft has good reviews, a T (for Teen) rating, and a bird's eye view perspective.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy game with a standard bird view perspective, as well as multiplayer. The game came out in 1998 and it's suitable for teenagers.For a bird view action strategy, you should play Super Bomberman. It is considered an average-rated game and is single-player only. It was developed by Hudson Soft and released in 1993.Super Bomberman by Hudson Soft in 1993 is an average-rated action and strategy game. It is set in bird view and is single-player.Super Bomberman is an average action strategy game that came out in 1993 by Hudson Soft. This game has no multiplayer functionality and is played in a bird view perspective.Hitman 2 is a tactical shooter game, and it is expected out on November 13, 2018.Hitman 2 is a tactical shooter set to be released on November 13, 2018.Hitman 2 is a tactical shooter game. It will be released on November 13, 2018.BioShock is a good role-playing action-adventure first person shooter game that is rated M.BioShock is a pretty good action-adventure role-playing fps. It got an M rating when it was released.BioShock is a good first person action-adventure, role-playing shooter. It is rated M (for Mature).Portal 2 is a platforming shooter game with puzzle solving, which even has a multiplayer. It was released in 2011 for PlayStation and PC, and it is available on Steam.A puzzle-shooter platformer game is Portal 2 from 2011. You can play it multiplayer on PlayStation and your PC, and it is available on Steam.Portal 2 is a 2011 multiplayer puzzle-shooter platformer. It is available on Steam, but was originally released for PlayStation and PC.Trivial Pursuit is a poor trivia/board game from 2009 available for PlayStation and Nintendo. It has multiplayer.Trivial Pursuit is a poorly-rated multiplayer trivia/board game from 2009. It runs on PlayStation and Nintendo.Trivial Pursuit is a trivia/board game released in 2009 on PlayStation and Nintendo platforms. It has received poor ratings, but it has a multiplayer option.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poorly reviewed third person vehicular combat game released for PlayStation in 2011.The 2011 PlayStation exclusive MotorStorm: Apocalypse is considered a poor third person, vehicular combat game.MotorStorm: Apocalypse was released in 2011. It's a third person vehicular combat game only played on the PlayStation platform. MotorStorm: Apocalypse has a rating of poor.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighting game with a multiplayer mode. It's playable on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not available on Steam or playable on Mac, but it is playable on Linux.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure and fighting game. It has multiplayer and released on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It has a Linux release but it doesn't have a Mac release and isn't available on Steam.Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a first person action-adventure fighter with multiplayer for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It's not on Steam or Mac, but there is Linux support.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a 2005 action-tactical set in first and third person. It is rated M (for Mature) and has good ratings.The 2005 tactical action title Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is an example of a good first and third person video game for mature audiences.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a good action tactical game from 2005. It has a first and third person perspective and is rated M.Max Payne is a 2001 game developed by Remedy Entertainment. It's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, as well as Steam. It's an action-adventure shooter game.Max Payne by Remedy Entertainment came out in 2001. It's an action-adventure shooter for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam.Max Payne is an action-adventure shooter on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment and released in 2001. It is available on Steam.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a multiplayer turn-based simulation-strategy game for PC. It is available on Steam.Sid Meier's Civilization V has multiplayer and is available on Steam. It's a simulation turn-based strategy game available for PC.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation turn-based strategy game that is available for PC only. Steam has the game, and you can play it multiplayer.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action shooter from 2014 for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action shooter that released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, and it is available on Steam.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action shooter that was released in 2014. You can play it on PlayStation and Xbox consoles. It's also available through Steam on PC.If you like multiplayer action-adventure shooter games with a first person and third person perspective then you should try Rise of the Tomb Raider.Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure shooter with both first person and third person perspectives. It also features multiplayer.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a multiplayer first and third person action-adventure shooter game.StarCraft is a PC-only real-time strategy game that is a good. You can get this game on Steam and also play it on Mac, but not on Linux.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy game for PC. It is available for Mac but not for Linux. It is unavailable on Steam.StarCraft is a good real-time strategy PC game that is also available on Mac. It is not currently available on Steam or Linux.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is an action, tactical game that came out in 2005. The game can be played in either first person or third person.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first and third person action-tactical game. It came out in 2005.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first person or third person tactical action game that was released on 2005.FIFA 12 is a sports sim from 2011 with average ratings, but appropriate for all ages.The sport simulation game, FIFA 12, was released in 2011 and rated E (for Everyone). It is a decent game.FIFA 12 was released in 2011. It was an average simulation sport game that was rated E.Little Nightmares is a good adventure platformer that is available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. The puzzle game is also on Steam.Little Nightmares is a good adventure puzzle platformer for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. You can get the game on Steam as well.If you are looking for a good adventure platformer, I recommend Little Nightmares. It involves a good deal of puzzle solving too. This game is available on multiple platforms including PlayStation, Xbox, and PC via Steam.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time strategy game with a bird view. Originally released in 1999, the game received good ratings. It offers multiplayer functionality.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good bird view real-time strategy with multiplayer. It came out in 1999.1999's Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good multiplayer real-time strategy played from a bird view.A pretty bad game that was released on Xbox and PC is Alan Wake's American Nightmare. This action-adventure shooter got poor reviews, but it's still available on Steam.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure shooter. It's available on Xbox and PC via the Steam platform. This game launched to poor reviews.A poorly-rated action-adventure shooter is Alan Wake's American Nightmare. It is available on Xbox, PC and Steam.Ori and the Blind Forest, by Moon Studios, is a puzzle-platformer adventure game played in side view. It does not have a multiplayer option.Ori and the Blind Forest is a side view adventure puzzle-platformer game developed by Moon Studios. It does not have a multiplayer feature.If you aren't interested in multiplayer, check out Ori and the Blind Forest, developed by Moon Studios. It is a side view platformer with puzzles and adventure.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a fun racing game, and it is rated T (for Teen).Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good racing game that was rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a 1999 real-time strategy game with bird view. It was released by Ensemble Studios, and it has good ratings.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, is a 1999 adventure game with real-time strategy. The developer Ensemble Studios ensures that the player perspective displays in bird view. Therefore, the user experience is very good.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a good real-time strategy game developed by Ensemble Studios in 1999. You play this from a bird view perspective.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game that is for the PlayStation and Xbox. You can play this from either a bird view or a third person perspective.If you like sport simulation games, give Madden NFL 15 a try. It gives the player a choice between bird view or third person view. It is available on PlayStation and Xbox.Madden NFL 15 is a sport simulation game for the PlayStation and Xbox. It features bird- and third person views.Sid Meier's Civilization V (2010) is a turn-based simulation-strategy game that is set in bird view.Released in 2010, Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation turn-based strategy that is played from a bird view perspective.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a simulation turn-based strategy game with a bird view that was released in 2010.If you like role-playing shooters that have multiplayer, try Payday 2. It came out in 2013.Payday 2 from 2013 is an RPG shooter with multiplayer.Payday 2 from 2013 is a role-playing shooter with multiplayer.Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent adventure puzzle-platformer with a side view perspective. Released in 2015, the game is single-player and rated E (for Everyone).Ori and the Blind Forest is an excellent side view adventure-puzzle game for single players. This platformer came out in 2015 and is rated E (for Everyone).An excellent puzzle adventure game with a side view perspective, Ori and the Blind Forest was released in 2015. This platformer has been rated E (for Everyone), but has no multiplayer.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game that's to be released on September 7, 2018.Spider-Man is an action-adventure game that should come out September 7, 2018.A new action-adventure Spider-Man game is coming out September 7, 2018.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a action-adventure puzzle role-playing game that was released in the year 1998 on the Nintendo. It sports a bird view and a third person perspective. It does not have multiplayer.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time from 1998 is a single-player action-adventure, role-playing game. This puzzle game is set in bird view and third person. It is out for Nintendo.If you like action-adventure role-playing puzzle games, then you should try the 1998 video game called The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, which uses third person and bird view perspectives. It is only released on the Nintendo and, unfortunately, has no multiplayer.The 2016 role-playing, third person shooter, tactical game, Tom Clancy's The Division, got average reviews.Tom Clancy's The Division from 2016 is an average third person role-playing tactical shooter.Tom Clancy's The Division is a third person tactical shooter RPG that came out in 2016. It only earned average reviews.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game, and it was released for Xbox in 2008.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game released in 2008 for Xbox.If you like music games, then you should try the Xbox video game released in 2008 called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3.Driver is a third person driving simulation game. It has no multiplayer and is available for PlayStation and PC only.Driver is a third person driving simulator that was released for PlayStation and PC. There is no multiplayer mode.Driver is a third person driving sim with no multiplayer. It was released for PlayStation and PC.HellBlade: Senua's Sacrifice is a fantastic indie hack-and-slash adventure. It came out in 2017 for just about everything: PlayStation, Xbox, and PC through Steam. Unfortunately, there's no Mac or Linux releases.Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice is an excellent indie hack-and-slash adventure game released in 2017 on the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is available on Steam, but it does not have a release on Mac and Linux.The excellent indie adventure game Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice features hack-and-slash action. This PlayStation, Xbox and PC game that was released in 2017 has no Linux or Mac compatibility but is available on Steam.Life is Strange was developed by Dontnod Entertainment and released in 2015. It is a third person role-playing game.Life is Strange is a role-playing game played in third person perspective, and was released in 2015 by Dontnod Entertainment.Life is Strange is a third person role-playing game developed by Dontnod Entertainment. The game was released in 2015.Driver is an average driving simulation game. You play in third person, and there is no multiplayer mode.Driver was an average driving simulation game with a third person perspective. It didn't have multiplayer.Driver is a third person driving simulation game with average ratings. It is single-player only.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation with a bird view that is on the PC. The game is rated T (for teen) and is available on Steam, but not on either Linux or Mac.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy and simulation game released for PC. Offering bird view perspective, the game gives players an opportunity to experience castle life in medieval times. The game is rated T (for Teen) and is available on Steam for Windows, with no planned release for Linux or Mac.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy simulation game available on Steam. It has a bird view and is rated T. You can play on PC, but not on Linux or Mac.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a 1998 action-adventure game developed by Nintendo EAD and released for Nintendo consoles. The third person game combines role-playing, puzzles, and adventure, plus it allows the game to be played from a bird view too.The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was released by Nintendo EAD in 1998. It is an action-adventure, puzzle, role-playing game for Nintendo. You play from a bird view, in third person.In 1998 Nintendo EAD released The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time on their Nintendo platform. It redefined the third person bird's eye action-adventure puzzle RPG genre.StarCraft was developed by Blizzard Entertainment, and was released with a T (for Teen) rating. It's a real-time strategy game.Blizzard Entertainment's real-time strategy game StarCraft is rated T (for Teen).StarCraft is a real-time strategy developed by Blizzard Entertainment. It has a T (for Teen) rating.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle platformer that is out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam.The puzzle-platformer Little Nightmares is available on Steam. The adventure game can be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC.Little Nightmares is an adventure puzzle-platformer, available on Steam for PC. The game is also available on PlayStation and Xbox.Nightshade is a poor text adventure game from 2017. It was released for PC but not for Linux or Mac.If you're looking for a text adventure game, try Nightshade. It was released in 2017 for PC, though it doesn't have Linux or Mac support and has received some low ratings.Nightshade is an example of a bad text adventure that was released in 2017. It's only available on PC, with no Mac or Linux support.If you're an action-adventure platformer fan, you might want to check out Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. It came out in 2016, and don't expect any multiplayer.In 2016 Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India was released as an action-adventure platformer game. Unfortunately, it does not have multiplayer.Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India from 2016 is an action-adventure platformer game that doesn't have multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good single-player simulation strategy game in which you play from a top down view.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation strategy game with a bird view. It doesn't have multiplayer though.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a good simulation strategy game. You play with a bird's eye perspective. It's too bad there's no multiplayer.If you want to play role-playing games, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent third person action-adventure game. It came out in 2015 and is rated M (for Mature).The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent action-adventure, role-playing game for third person. It was released in 2015 and is rated M (for Mature).The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an excellent game that was released in 2015. It is an M-rated third person action-adventure role-playing game.Need for Speed: Most Wanted was released in 2005 with a good rating. This game is strictly racing but you can also play with your online friends via multiplayer mode. You should be at least 13 to play this game because it is rated T (for Teen).Released in 2005 Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game for teens, as it offers a multiplayer mode.Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a good driving/racing game that was released in 2005. It is rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB and does have a multiplayer.Rise of the Tomb Raider from 2015 is a Crystal Dynamics action-adventure first person shooter with third person view options. It's on PlayStation, Xbox and PC through Steam.If you enjoy action-adventure shooter games, try Rise of the Tomb Raider by Crystal Dynamics. It's a first person, as well as third person, game that was released in 2015 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC and is available on Steam.Rise of the Tomb Raider is a 2015 action-adventure first person and third person shooter. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics for PlayStation, Xbox, PC, and Steam.EA Digital Illusions CE really dropped the ball when they announced Battlefield V, and upcoming first person shooter with action elements. The game's focus is on multiplayer, and it will launch on October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is a new first person action shooter with multiplayer, developed by EA Digital Illusions CE. It is expected to be released October 16, 2018.Battlefield V is an action shooter game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE that's being released on October 16, 2018. You play this from a first person perspective, and there is multiplayer involved as well.For an adventure role-playing game with a bird view perspective, try the indie game Undertale from 2015. Unfortunately, it offers no multiplayer.Undertale is an indie adventure game. It does not have multiplayer and is a bird view role-playing game that was released in 2015.Undertale was finally released in 2015. It's an indie adventure RPG played from a bird's eye perspective. Unfortunately there's no multiplayer option.F1 2014 is a multiplayer sport racing simulator from 2014. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not out on Mac or Linux.F1 2014 was a sport racing simulation game that could be played on PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It wasn't released for Linux or Mac. It can be played in multiplayer and was released in 2014.F1 2014 is a sport racing simulator with multiplayer. Released in 2014, it's available on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but does not have a Linux or Mac release.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, released by Bethesda Game Studios in 2011, has been receiving positive ratings. This single-player adventure role-playing game was made for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, and is available on Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good single-player adventure RPG. The game was released in 2011 by Bethesda Game Studios. It is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, PC, and Steam.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a good adventure role-playing game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and released in 2011. The game was released for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, including being available on Steam. This game has no multiplayer.A Way Out was a good action-adventure game. It's third player and has multiplayer. It was released in 2018.A Way Out is a solid third person action-adventure game. It came out in 2018 and it has a multiplayer system built in.In 2018 a multiplayer action game filled with adventure released called A Way Out. It has gotten good ratings and is played as a third person.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a single-player simulation strategy game. You play the game from bird view.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a bird view strategy and simulation game. Originally released in 1999, RollerCoaster Tycoon does not offer multiplayer.RollerCoaster Tycoon is a simulation strategy game with a bird view. It doesn't have multiplayer.Kunos Simulazioni developed a good sport racing simulation game, called Assetto Corsa. It is rated E (for Everyone), and it can be played from the first or third person perspective.Assetto Corsa is a good E rated sport racing game that was released by Kunos Simulazioni. The simulation aspect can be enjoyed from either the first or the third person perspective.Assetto Corsa is a good example of a sport driving simulation game for everyone, with support of both first person and third person perspectives. It was developed by Kunos Simulazioni.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a good action-adventure, puzzle, shooter game that was released in 1999. It is played in the third person perspective. The game does not support multiplayer.If you want an action-adventure game, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a single-player third person puzzle-shooter from 1999. It has good ratings.Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation is a solid action-adventure game released in 1999. The single-player experience combines third person shooter mechanics with puzzle solving.The arcade game, Tetris, is a puzzle strategy released in 1986 and is played with a side view.Tetris is an arcade game centered around puzzle and strategy. The 1986 release places you in a side view player perspective.Tetris is a strategic puzzler arcade game with a side view released in 1986.Assassin's Creed II is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC on Steam. It's an action-adventure game with platforming gameplay. I wish there was multiplayer, but there isn't.Assassin's Creed II is a single-player action-adventure platformer game for PlayStation, Xbox, or PC. It is available on Steam, too.Assassin's Creed II is an action-adventure platformer game available on Steam. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. There is no multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is an excellent, multiplayer action-adventure, driving/racing, shooter that was released in 2013. It can played in either first person or third person.Grand Theft Auto V, released in 2013, is an excellent first or third person action-adventure, driving/racing and shooter game. It is playable in multiplayer mode.Grand Theft Auto V is a first person and third person driving/racing, shooter, action-adventure game that offers multiplayer. It was released in 2013 and received excellent ratings.In 2010, 4a Games came out with Metro 2033. It is a good first person action shooter. It also has elements of role-playing in it.If you're a fan of FPS role-playing games, you'd probably enjoy Metro 2033. 4A games released it in 2010, and it's a good action game.Metro 2033 is a good action game that came out in 2010 by 4A Games. The role-playing shooter is first person only.Nightshade is a poorly rated text adventure game for the PC, and is available on Steam.The text adventure game, Nightshade, is available on PC only, and has negative ratings. You can get it on Steam.Nightshade is a poor text adventure game released for PC through Steam.Superhot is an indie shooter with tactical elements that was released in 2016 with a T rating (for Teen) for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter, released in 2016 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is rated T (for Teen) by the ESRB.Superhot is an indie tactical shooter that came out in 2016. This game is rated T (for Teen) and is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.Horizon: Zero Dawn is rated T and is an action-adventure shooter RPG for PlayStation.Horizon: Zero Dawn is an action-adventure RPG shooter game that came out on PlayStation. It is rated T (for Teens), so it's not for kids.Horizon: Zero Dawn was released for PlayStation only and is rated T (for Teen). This game is an action-adventure shooter RPG.Resident Evil 4 is a 2005 action-adventure, third person shooter that was rated M (for Mature). It has excellent reviews.In the year 2005 Resident Evil 4 earned excellent ratings as a third person action-adventure shooter. It also received an M rating for its mature themes.Resident Evil 4 is an excellently rated action-adventure shooter with a third person player perspective. Released in 2005, it is rated M (for Mature).Mafia is a third person shooter with driving and fighting elements, for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. It wasn't released for Linux and Mac.Mafia is a third person shooter that was released for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and has elements of driving and fighting. The game was not released for Mac or Linux.Mafia is a third person fighting shooter game with driving elements. You can play it on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. Unfortunately, it does not have a Linux or Mac release.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a good turn-based strategy simulation game. It has a bird view and multiplayer, and was released in 2010 by Firaxis Games.In 2010 Firaxis Games released a multiplayer simulation and turn-based strategy game called Sid Meier's Civilization V. It has been getting good reviews online especially with its bird view perspective.Sid Meier's Civilization V is a solid turn-based strategy game released in 2010. The bird view simulation game was developed by Firaxis Games, and offers a multiplayer mode.God of War was released in 2018 for PlayStation. It's an excellent action-adventure, platformer, role-playing game that is played in third person. There is no multiplayer mode.The 2018 PlayStation exclusive game, God of War, has gotten excellent ratings. The single-player game is popular for its adventure-filled action, platforming, and role-playing capabilities. The players play from a third person perspective.God of War is a role-playing, action-adventure, platformer released in 2018 for PlayStation. The game received an excellent rating. Even though it's not multiplayer, you get to play in the third person perspective.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a T-rated vehicular combat game with poor user ratings. It was made for PlayStation and released in 2011.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a vehicular combat rated T (for Teen) that was released for PlayStation in 2011. It got a poor reception.MotorStorm: Apocalypse is a poor vehicular combat game that was rated T (for Teen). It was released for the PlayStation in 2011.Metro 2033 is a good action, role-playing, shooter game. There is no multiplayer mode. The game is available for Xbox and PC, as well as Steam, but there was no release for Linux or Mac.Metro 2033 has received good ratings by people who have played it. You can get the game on Xbox, PC, and it is also available on Steam. It does not have a Linux or a Mac release. The game is a role-playing shooter with a lot of single-player action.If you like action, role-playing shooters with no multiplayer, you'll enjoy Metro 2033. It has good ratings and can be played on Xbox or PC. It is available on Steam, but it doesn't have a Linux or Mac release.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person, action-adventure puzzle game that released in 2001.Silent Hill 2 is an excellent third person action-adventure puzzler game. It came out in 2001.Silent Hill 2 was released in 2001 and is an excellent action-adventure and puzzle-oriented game shot in third person.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure shooter released by Remedy Entertainment in 2012. It doesn't have a multiplayer mode.Alan Wake's American Nightmare was developed by Remedy Entertainment and came out in 2012. It is a single-player only story in an action-adventure, shooter setting.Alan Wake's American Nightmare is an action-adventure shooter game that came out in 2012 by Remedy Entertainment. This game does not have a multiplayer functionality.The driving/racing arcade game TrackMania Turbo is available on PlayStation, Xbox, PC and through Steam.An arcade-style racing game on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC is TrackMania Turbo. It's available on Steam.TrackMania Turbo is an arcade, driving/racing game for PlayStation, Xbox, PC and is currently available on Steam.2007's Crysis is an action-adventure FPS. It's a game with positive reviews, and it even has multiplayer.Crysis is a good action-adventure game that came out in 2007. This first person shooter can be played multiplayer.Crysis is a multiplayer first person action-adventure, shooter. It was released in 2007 and has good ratings.Worms: Reloaded is an average action, platformer, strategy game with side view player perspective and multiplayer mode.Worms: Reloaded is an average action platformer strategy game. It has a side view and features multiplayer.Worms: Reloaded is an average action platformer that requires strategy with a side view perspective. While you can play solo, the game also offers multiplayer as well.Portal 2 is an excellent puzzle game and first person platformer shooter. It was released in 2011 and has multiplayer in it.Another excellent game is Portal 2 from 2011. It's a multiplayer puzzle-platformer FPS.Portal 2 is an excellent first person puzzle shooter platformer with multiplayer. It was released in 2011.If you enjoy action as much as role-play, try Metro 2033. It's a first person shooter game from 2010 that runs on Xbox and PC. You can find it on Steam, though it doesn't have Linux or Mac support.Metro 2033 is an action-packed role-playing shooter that was released in 2010. It's available on the Xbox, PC, and is also available in the Steam store. You play in first person perspective throughout this game. It has no Linux or Mac release.Metro 2033 was released in the year 2010 on the Xbox and PC and available for download on Steam, though it hasn't been released for Linux or Mac, leaving it to be a Windows release only. It' is a action, role-playing, shooter through the first person perspective.Ancient Cities is expected out on December 1, 2018. It will be Uncasual Games' latest simulation-strategy game, and it will function in bird view.Ancient Cities is developed by Uncasual Games and will be out on December 1, 2018. It is a strategy simulation with a bird view.Ancient Cities is an upcoming simulation-strategy game due to be released on December 1, 2018. It is being developed by Uncasual Games and is played from a bird view.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent adventure role-playing game set in bird view and third person perspective. It is rated T (for Teen) and was released in 1997.Final Fantasy VII is an excellent role-playing adventure game played in both bird's eye and third person view. It was released in 1997 and is rated T (for Teen).With excellent reviews, Final Fantasy VII is an unforgettable bird view and third person adventure title from 1997. This RPG is rated T (for Teen).Nightshade is a text adventure game developed by Red Entertainment Corporation. It was released in 2017 with no multiplayer.Nightshade is a 2017 single-player text adventure game developed by Red Entertainment Corporation.Nightshade is a text adventure game by Red Entertainment Corporation that came out in 2017. This game doesn't have multiplayer.If you like multiplayer hack-and-slash role-playing games, then you should try Diablo II, which uses a bird view perspective. It has a good rating, and was released on the PC and Mac but not on Linux.Diablo II is a fun hack-and-slash role-playing game. It has a bird view perspective and multiplayer, and can be played on Mac and PC. It doesn't have a Linux release.Diablo II is a good game that could be played on PC with a Mac release, but not Linux. It is a multiplayer, bird view, hack-and-slash role-playing genre game.If you're interested in an adventure RPG, I would recommend Final Fantasy VII. Despite being released back in 1997, it may still be worth giving a shot if you own a PlayStation or PC. If you intend to get it on PC, however, be aware that it isn't available for Mac or Linux but can be found on Steam.Final Fantasy VII is an adventure role-playing game released in 1997 for PlayStation and PC through Steam. There is no Linux or Mac release.The 1997 adventure role-playing game, Final Fantasy VII, can be played on PlayStation as well as PC. Although you can get it on Steam, there is no Linux or Mac release.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a music game that was released on Xbox in 2008. It didn't do very well amongst fans, and got mostly negative reviews.In the year 2008 a poorly-rated game called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 was released. It was a music game for Xbox.Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 is a poorly-rated music game that came out in 2008. It is for Xbox only.If you like first person shooters, then Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action game to play. It came out in 2014.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 2014 action, first person shooter game.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter game released in 2014.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a poorly-rated 2003 third person action-adventure shooter game. It was developed by Core Design, and is rated T (for Teen). It doesn't have multiplayer.Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness by Core Design, launched in 2003, received poor ratings. It's a third person, action-adventure shooter with single-player gameplay. It is rated T (for Teen).Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is a poor action-adventure third person shooter game by Core Design. It was released in 2003 and has a T (for Teen) rating. The game has no multiplayer mode.The bird view real-time strategy game Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings, which was released in 1999, is ideal for teens who love multiplayer mode.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings from 1999 is a real-time strategy game rated T (for Teen). It has a bird view and features a multiplayer mode.Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is a real-time, bird view strategy released in 1999. It is rated T (for Teen) and came out in 1999. The game even has a multiplayer mode.Need for Speed: Shift is a driving/racing simulation game that has multiplayer. The game features a first and third person perspective.If you want a driving/racing simulator that gives you both a first and third person view, try Need for Speed: Shift. It even has multiplayer.If you like driving games, you might enjoy Need for Speed: Shift. It has some light simulator features, and you can swap from first and third person at will while driving. It's got online multiplayer as well, if that's something you're looking for in your racing games.The adventure role-playing title The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is available on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. No Linux or Mac versions are on offer.If you are interested in adventure or role-playing games, then you should try The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. The game is released on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC. However, the game is not supported on Mac or Linux.The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an adventure, role-playing game. It's available for PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo, and PC, but was not released for Linux or Mac.Developed by Sledgehammer Games, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a 2014 first person action shooter game released for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. No version of the game was released for Linux or Mac.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is an action first person shooter that came out in 2014 by Sledgehammer Games. The game is available for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It is not available on Linux or Mac.Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person action shooter game released in 2014 for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC. It was developed by Sledgehammer Games and still has no Linux or Mac release.Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy, simulation game for the PC that is available on Steam.Check out Stronghold 2, a real-time strategy simulation. It is available on PC and can be purchased through Steam.Stronghold 2 is available on Steam and PC. It's a real-time strategy simulation game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure puzzle shooter game with a bird view. It was released for the PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but not Linux or Mac.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is a bird's eye view action-adventure puzzle shooter available for PlayStation, Xbox and PC. There is no Linux or Mac release of the game.Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure shooter with a lot of puzzles that can be played on PlayStation, Xbox or PC, but not on Linux or Mac. This game is played in the bird view perspective.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game that came out in 2014. It does not have multiplayer.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game released in 2014. It is a single-player only game.The Forest of Doom is a single-player role-playing text adventure game from 2014.Grand Theft Auto V is a game that combines so many elements from different genres. It's a driving/racing game with action and adventure, as well as shooter elements. You can play in first or third person. It was released by Rockstar North in 2013.If you'd like to play an action-adventure game, Grand Theft Auto V is a first and third person game involving driving and shooting. It was developed by Rockstar North and released in 2013.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure driving/racing shooter game by Rockstar North. The 2013 game features a first and third person perspective.Rollcage is an action racing game developed for PlayStation and PC. It is not available for Steam, Mac, or Linux.Rollcage is an action-racing game for the PlayStation and PC. It's not available on Steam, Mac, or Linux.Rollcage is a driving/racing action game out for PlayStation and PC. It is currently not supported by Steam, Linux, or Mac.If you like action-adventure games, Grand Theft Auto V is a 2013 driving and shooting game. It runs on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, but it is not supported on Mac or Linux.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter that involves driving. It was released in 2013 on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, although it's not supported on Linux and Mac.Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure shooter with driving, released in 2013. It is playable on the PlayStation, Xbox and PC but does not have a Linux or Mac release.If you have an Xbox or PC, you can try the role-playing action shooter game, Metro 2033, from 2010. Of course, it is available on Steam, but there is no Linux or Mac support. Unfortunately, you cannot play it with your friends in a multiplayer mode.Metro 2033 is an role-playing action shooter game that was released in 2010. It can be played on Xbox and PC and is on Steam. It hasn't been released on Linux or Mac. It can only be played as a single-player.If you like action role-playing shooter games then you should try the 2010 video game called Metro 2033. It is released on Xbox, PC and available on Steam but unfortunately has no Linux or Mac support and no multiplayer.Ancient Cities is supposed to come out December 1, 2018 for the PC only. The simulation strategy game offers a bird view perspective.The new simulation-strategy game, Ancient Cities, is releasing on December 1, 2018. It will have a bird view perspective and will be for PC only.The bird view simulation and strategy game Ancient Cities will be released on December 1, 2018 for the PC.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game that came out in 1999 for PC only. The game is rated E (for Everyone) and is not available for Steam, but is available on Linux and Mac.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is a turn-based strategy game made in 1999. The game, rated E (for Everyone), is available only on PC, Linux and Mac, but is not available on Steam.Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia is an ideal starting point to turn-based strategy games, especially with its E rating and its availability on PC, Linux and Mac. However, it is a game from 1999 and thus not available on Steam.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a solid multiplayer game from 1998. It's a tactical strategy game you play from a bird view perspective.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good strategy game from 1998. You can play this tactical game in the bird view and has a multiplayer mode.Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a good tactical strategy game that uses bird view. It was released in 1998 and does have a multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a first person tactical game with third person options. Released in 2005, It has multiplayer capabilities and an action storyline for an overall good game.Over the weekend I played Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory from 2005. It is a good action game with a tactical style, where you can switch between first and third person perspectives. It also has multiplayer.Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory came out in 2005 to good reviews. It's a multiplayer first and third person tactical action game.The Forest of Doom is a text adventure currently available for the PC. The role-playing game is available on Steam for Windows, Mac, and Linux.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure game that you can get on Steam. It's available for the PC, Linux, and Mac.The Forest of Doom is a role-playing text adventure on PC, Linux, and Mac. It is available on Steam.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average multiplayer role-playing turn-based strategy for PC, available on Steam.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is a PC only game and you'll find it on Steam. Although it is a turn-based strategy RPG with a multiplayer support, I found it average at best.Might & Magic: Heroes VI is an average role-playing, turn-based strategy game that can only be played on the PC. This game is available on Steam and can be played multiplayer.Outlast II is an indie adventure game with a first person perspective. It is rated M (for Mature).If you want to try a first person indie adventure game with an M (for Mature) rating, try Outlast II.Outlast II is a first person indie adventure game with an M (for Mature) rating.