You seem to like sport simulation games. What do you say about Madden NFL 15?I know you're a fan of sports simulation games, and let me tell you, Madden NFL 15 is an exemplar of the genre. You must've heard of it, haven't you?I know you like simulation sports games, and I wonder if you've heard of Madden NFL 15.And speaking of 1999 games that have Linux releases, have you ever played RollerCoaster Tycoon?Have you heard of RollerCoaster Tycoon? It's this older game, from 1999, and it released on Linux too so you could play it!If you're looking for games back from 1999 that have a Linux release, there's RollerCoaster Tycoon. Have you ever heard of it?Assetto Corsa is a first person title on Steam. Are you familiar with it?A first person perspective game that I enjoyed on Steam was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?A first person game I recently got on Steam is Assetto Corsa. Have you heard of it?While we're on the subject of point-and-click adventure games available for Steam, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?Since you like to play on Steam, I wonder if you've thought about buying the adventure point-and-click game The Wolf Among Us?One of my favorite point-and-click adventure games on Steam was called The Wolf Among Us. Do you know about it?Nintendo EAD developed some interesting single-player only games, like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Did you ever play it?I know you're looking for a game to play alone. Have you heard about the Nintendo EAD game The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?An interesting single-player game made by Nintendo EAD is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, are you familiar with it?EA Redwood Shores did a lot for the driving/racing genre with Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Did you ever play it?While we're on the subject of driving/racing games made by EA Redwood Shores, are you familiar with Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Speaking of driving/racing games by EA Redwood Shores, what do you think about Need for Speed: Most Wanted?If you're looking for a multiplayer sport racing sim, you can't go wrong with F1 2014. Are you familiar with it?Since you like sport games, have you played the multiplayer driving/racing simulation game F1 2014?If you want a driving/racing sport simulator with multiplayer, F1 2014 is an option. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of slightly older games, have you tried NBA 2K16, which was released in 2015?While we're talking about games released in 2015, have you ever played NBA 2K16?Ever heard of NBA 2K16, released in 2015? You might like it.Since you like bird's eye view games, I wonder if you've ever played Sid Meier's Civilization V.You seem to enjoy games with a bird's eye view, so I wonder if you've heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V.Since you like bird view perspective games, have you tried Sid Meier's Civilization V?Speaking of games from 2011, have you ever played Need for Speed: The Run?Speaking of games from 2011, have you ever heard of Need for Speed: The Run?Hey, have you heard of this other game from 2011, Need for Speed: The Run?I know you're into sports games like me. I really like the 2001 game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, have you ever heard of it?Thinking about sport games released in 2001, I'm reminded of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Did you ever play that one?In 2001 there was this nice sports game released, uh, do you know Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Since you prefer single-player games, have you tried Transport Tycoon?You don't seem to be into multiplayer games, so tell me, have you heard of the single-player game Transport Tycoon?There are plenty of single-player only games out there, but have you gotten a chance to play Transport Tycoon?Have you read anything about the game Stronghold 2 that was released by Firefly Studios in 2005?Of the 2005 games developed by Firefly Studios, I thought Stronghold 2 was fun. Have you played it?I've recently been playing this Firefly Studios game from 2005, Stronghold 2. You ever heard of it?You mentioned liking driving/racing sport simulators that you can play on the PC, have you heard of F1 2014?You like PC driving simulation sports games? Do you know of F1 2014?I don't play a lot of sport racing simulators, but one of my favorites on the PC is F1 2014. Have you ever heard of it?Considering you've got an Xbox, you've gotta play The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. You must have heard of it, haven't you?Have you ever heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on Xbox?I know you love Xbox games. Have you tried The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt yet?For multiplayer Xbox games, there's always Crysis. Have you played it?A multiplayer Xbox game that I enjoyed was Crysis. Have you played it?Since you like multiplayer Xbox games, then you'd love Crysis. Given that one a go yet?Among first person puzzle platformer shooters, Portal 2 is a complete classic. Do you know about it?A good first person shooter with both puzzle and platforming elements is Portal 2, have you played it before?I know you're into the platformer puzzle shooter genre and like first person titles. Have you played Portal 2?A fun action-adventure RPG released in 2015 was The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you ever played it?2015 had some really great action-adventure role playing games come out. Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Are you familiar with The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt? It's this hidden gem from 2015, a marvelous action-adventure role playing game.If you like the work of Sledgehammer Games then Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is out on Steam. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of games made by Sledgehammer Games playable on Steam, have you heard of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Speaking of games developed by Sledgehammer Games available on Steam, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Since you have a Nintendo Switch and you're a fan of Red Barrels, you should try out Outlast II.Speaking of Nintendo Switch games developed by Red Barrels, have you tried playing Outlast II?Speaking of the Nintendo Switch games made by Red Barrels, have you heard of Outlast II?And speaking of games that actually don't have a Steam release, are you familiar with Transport Tycoon?I know you don't care about getting games on Steam, so I wonder if you have tried Transport Tycoon.Since you don't care about your games being on Steam, have you ever tried Transport Tycoon?If you're into M rated games, why don't you check out The Wolf Among Us?And speaking of games that the ESRB gave an M rating to, have you played The Wolf Among Us?I understand that you like games with mature content. Have you played The Wolf Among Us?I know you're looking for games rated T (for Teen). Have you ever considered getting Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 for the Xbox?A T rated Xbox game I thought was pretty fun was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of T rated games made for the Xbox, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?If you like first person games, tell me, have you tried Need for Speed: The Run?Hey, since you like first person games, you should really try Need for Speed: The Run. Have you heard of it?Since first person games are your favorite, have you tried Need for Speed: The Run?Since we're on the subject of text adventure RPGs, have you ever played The Forest of Doom?Hey have you heard of the role-playing text adventure game The Forest of Doom?I was wondering if you've also tried the text adventure role-playing game The Forest of Doom.Have you heard about the real-time strategy and simulation game from 2005, called Stronghold 2?Have you ever heard of the real-time strategy simulation game Stronghold 2, from 2005?Stronghold 2 was a real-time strategy simulator from 2005 that I myself liked. Are you familiar with it?So, since we're talking about action-adventure RPGs, I've gotta ask, have you played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?I know you're into role-playing games, so I wonder if you've tried the action-adventure RPG The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.You seem to like action-adventure RPGs, so I wonder if you've heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.Speaking of good real-time strategy games, have you tried Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings by Ensemble Studios?A classic real-time strategy game made by Ensemble Studios is Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you played it before?Speaking of real-time strategy from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?I know you got some Steam credits for your birthday. Have you tried Sid Meier's Civilization V yet?Since you like to play your games on Steam, have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?If you like grabbing games on Steam, you should check out Sid Meier's Civilization V. Unless you've already played it?You know, if you want a side view platformer there's always Super Mario World. Have you played it before?If you're after a side scrolling platformer, Super Mario World is a fun game. Have you ever played it before?Are you familiar with Super Mario World? It's this delightful side view platformer.Since you seem to be a fan of PC games by Hudson Soft, I thought you might like Super Bomberman too. Have you heard about the game?While we're on the subject of PC games developed by Hudson Soft, have you heard of Super Bomberman?One Hudson Soft game for the PC that I enjoyed was Super Bomberman. Have you heard of it?Since you like multiplayer games, have you tried Never Alone?If you're looking for a game with multiplayer, are you familiar with Never Alone?Since you're looking for games to play with friends, have you tried the multiplayer game Never Alone?If you're looking for another one of tobyfox's bird view perspective games, you should check out Undertale. Have you heard of it?Since you seem to be a fan of bird view games by tobyfox, I thought you might like Undertale too. Have you heard about the game?Have you heard of Undertale? It's this bird view game from tobyfox.While we're on the subject of first person games made by Sledgehammer Games, did you ever play Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?You ever hear of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare? You been living under a rock? It's the next first person perspective game from Sledgehammer Games.Speaking of Sledgehammer Games' first person releases, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?I know you like games from Neversoft Entertainment. Have you tried the multiplayer game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?Since you seem to be a fan of multiplayer games developed by Neversoft Entertainment, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?A multiplayer game made by Neversoft Entertainment that I liked was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Are you familiar with it?You seem to be looking for multiplayer games, in general. I wonder, have you ever come across Need for Speed: The Run?I know you like beating all your friends in multiplayer games. Have you tried Need for Speed: The Run?You were mentioning games with multiplayer. Have you heard about Need for Speed: The Run?Speaking of third person perspective games from 2005, have you heard of this other one, Resident Evil 4?A good third person game I played from back in 2005 was Resident Evil 4. Have you ever played it before?Since you seem to be a fan of third person perspective games from 2005, I thought you might like Resident Evil 4 too. Have you heard about the game?2013 had some pretty dang good point-and-click adventure games released, like The Wolf Among Us. Have you heard about it before?A 2013 adventure point and click game that I enjoyed was The Wolf Among Us. Have you played it?Since I know you like point-and-click games, have you tried the 2013 adventure game The Wolf Among Us?I was looking for a new PC game and thought I'd ask you if you've ever heard of The Wolf Among Us?While we're on the subject of PC games, are you familiar with The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of PC games, have you heard of this great game called The Wolf Among Us?Since we're on the subject of games developed by Telltale Games, I'm wondering, have you played The Wolf Among Us?Did you say that you like games developed by Telltale Games? I was wondering if you have heard of The Wolf Among Us.Some of your favorite games seem to have been made by Telltale Games. Have you tried their The Wolf Among Us?Since you're into multiplayer games, have you checked out Metroid Prime Pinball?Considering you like multiplayer games, have you played Metroid Prime Pinball?And speaking of games with multiplayer, have you ever heard of Metroid Prime Pinball?If you're looking for a mature, adult game for the PC, I'd say play The Wolf Among Us. You ever heard of it?I know you enjoy M rated games you can play on your PC, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?It's on PC and rated M (for Mature), seems right down your alley. Are you familiar with The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of third person PlayStation games, are you familiar with Uncharted 4: A Thief's End?Have you heard of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End? It's one of Playstations' best third person exclusives.One of my favorite PlayStation games with a third person perspective is Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you know of it?Have you tried playing the multiplayer game NBA 2K16? You can play with your friends.I know you love to play multiplayer games with you friends. Have you guys tried NBA 2K16?If you're into multiplayer games, you should pick up NBA 2K16. Has anyone mentioned this game to you before?You mentioned you liked games rated E, have you tried Metroid Prime Pinball?I know you need games rated E (for Everyone) so your whole family can play. Have you tried Metroid Prime Pinball?Speaking of good E rated games, have you ever played Metroid Prime Pinball?Super Mario World was released by Nintendo EAD in 1990. Did you play it back then?I know it came out in 1990, but Nintendo EAD's Super Mario World is a classic. Have you ever played it?And speaking of 1990 games made by Nintendo EAD, have you ever played Super Mario World?Speaking of T (for Teen) games from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?If we're talking about T rated games made by Ensemble Studios, Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings is one of the best. Have you played it before?Since you seem to be a fan of teen-rated games by Ensemble Studios, I thought you might like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you heard about the game?And speaking of games that can be played on both Mac and Linux, are you familiar with Undertale?Don't you like games that have Linux and Mac releases? Either way, there's this fun game called Undertale I think you'd like that runs on both. Have you played it?If you play games both on Mac and Linux, Undertale is definitely one to check out. Have you heard of it?Since you seem to be a fan of adventure point-and-click games by Telltale Games, I thought you might like The Wolf Among Us too. Have you heard about the game?So, speaking of point-and-click adventure games released by Telltale Games, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?I think my favorite out of all the point-and-click adventure games made by Telltale Games might actually be The Wolf Among Us. Have you played it?Speaking of PlayStation games from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Since you seem to be a fan of PlayStation games by Ensemble Studios, I thought you might also like Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you checked that one out?Hey have you played Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings? It's this PlayStation game from Ensemble Studios, I think you'd like it.Hey, you have a PlayStation, right? Have you tried Madden NFL 15?Since you've gotten yourself a PlayStation, have you tried Madden NFL 15 on it?If you like PlayStation games, you should try out Madden NFL 15. Have you heard anything about this game?Speaking of great PC games, have you heard of The Forest of Doom?Since you're a PC gamer, have you tried The Forest of Doom?So, as long as we're bringing up PC games, I was curious, have you played The Forest of Doom?While we're on the subject of first person games made by Kunos Simulazioni, have you ever played Assetto Corsa?Since you like first person games, I wondering if you've ever tried Assetto Corsa by Kunos Simulazioni?A first person perspective game developed by Kunos Simulazioni that I enjoyed was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?One of my favorite PlayStation games was by Valve Corporation actually. Do you know about Portal 2?Speaking of PlayStation games made by Valve Corporation, have you ever played Portal 2?I know you're a fan of the Valve Corporation. Have you played Portal 2 on PlayStation?A third person sport game that I enjoyed was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Have you played it?Since you seem to be a fan of third person sports games, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?If we're talking about third person sport games, you really can't go wrong with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Have you ever played it?You mentioned action strategy games that are played from a bird view perspective. Well Super Bomberman is a game like that, did you ever play it?I know you like bird view action strategy games, just like me. I thought Super Bomberman was pretty good, have you heard of it?Speaking of action strategy games played from a bird view perspective, have you ever played Super Bomberman?One of my favorite single-player games that got an M rating was Resident Evil 4. Have you ever played it?Speaking of M rated single-player games, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Since you like M rated single-player games, then you'd love Resident Evil 4. Have you given that a whirl?I think one of the best Xbox games of 2007 was Crysis. Have you played it yet?Since you seem to be a fan of the Xbox games of 2007, I thought you might like Crysis too. Have you heard about the game?For 2007 games, I enjoyed Crysis for the Xbox. Have you heard of it?Speaking of third person perspective games, have you tried The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?And speaking of games with a third person perspective, have you played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Since you like third person perspective games, I wonder if you've heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.I wonder, since you have a PlayStation, have you played Never Alone?Since you like PlayStation games, have you given Never Alone a try?I was thinking of trying Never Alone on PlayStation - have you tried it?A multiplayer game that I enjoyed on the PC was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?One multiplayer PC game I'm fond of is Assetto Corsa, have you tried it out?Speaking of PC games with multiplayer, have you heard of Assetto Corsa?A strategy simulator for the PC that I enjoyed is RollerCoaster Tycoon, have you ever played it?One of my favorite PC strategy simulators is RollerCoaster Tycoon. Do you know about it?I know you game on a PC. Have you ever heard about the simulation strategy game RollerCoaster Tycoon?There's a cool game that's even rated T (for Teen), called Never Alone, have you heard of it?Since you need games rated T (for Teen) for your kids, have you thought about Never Alone?If you're looking for games with a T rating, well, have you ever played Never Alone?For strategy simulators with a bird view, RollerCoaster Tycoon has always been a favorite of mine. Do you know about it?A bird view strategy simulator that I enjoyed is RollerCoaster Tycoon, have you heard of it?Since you like bird view perspective games, I wonder if you've ever tried the simulation strategy game RollerCoaster Tycoon?I know you're interested in a first person game rated T (for Teen). Have you ever played Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Speaking of T rated games with a first person perspective, are you familiar with Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Since you mostly play teen rated games, and that preferably from the first person perspective, I wonder if you've tried Need for Speed: Most Wanted.And as long as we're talking about E rated games made by Kunos Simulazioni, have you heard of Assetto Corsa?Oh, have you heard of Assetto Corsa? It's this E rated game from Kunos Simulazioni.A game developed by Kunos Simulazioni rated E (for Everyone) that I enjoyed was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?If you're looking for a good multiplayer game to play with your kid, Portal 2 is rated E 10+. Have you heard of it before?Oh, do you know about Portal 2? It's this amazing multiplayer E10+ game from Valve.Speaking of multiplayer games suitable for Everyone 10 and older, have you heard of Portal 2?Speaking of action-adventure shooter games for the Xbox, have you gotten a chance to try Crysis?Hey, I was just playing Crysis and I know you like action-adventure shooters on Xbox, so I think you should pick it up. Have you already played it before?You mentioned action-adventure shooters for the Xbox; well, have you ever heard of Crysis?I know you like driving/racing sport simulation games. Have you heard of the third person game F1 2014?A third person driving/racing sport simulator I enjoyed was F1 2014. Have you played it before?Speaking of third person sport racing simulators, I know of one that was pretty good. Have you heard of F1 2014 before?An M rated game from Sledgehammer Games that I thought was decent is Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of M rated games developed by Sledgehammer Games, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Do you know about Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare? It's basically an M rated game from Sledgehammer Games that also has Kevin Spacey in it, but like, before we knew about all the stuff he did.Ever tried out Madden NFL 15? It was developed by EA Tiburon, whose games you seem to like.So while we're talking about games by EA Tiburon, have you played Madden NFL 15?I've heard you mention EA Tiburon. Are you familiar with their Madden NFL 15?On the topic of simulation strategy games, have you tried Transport Tycoon?Since you're into simulation strategy games, have you tried the game Transport Tycoon?A good strategy simulation is hard to find, but have you played Transport Tycoon?A classic game that Ensemble Studios released back in 1999 was Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you ever played it?Speaking of games from 1999, have you ever heard of the Ensemble Studios game Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Speaking of 1999 releases from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?Hey, I know Firaxis Games night not have the strongest reputation, but Sid Meier's Civilization V is worth a try. Have you checked it out?You seem to be a fan of Firaxis Games titles, so have you played Sid Meier's Civilization V?Since you like games developed by Firaxis Games, have you played Sid Meier's Civilization V?While we're on the subject of first person driving/racing sport simulators, have you ever heard of Assetto Corsa?A driving/racing sport sim that you can play in first person is Assetto Corsa. You played it?A first person sport racing sim that I enjoyed was Assetto Corsa. Have you played it?Are you familiar with Outlast II? It's this great first person indie adventure game.An indie adventure title with a first person perspective worth checking out is Outlast II. You seen that one?I know you like first person indie adventure games, have you tried Outlast II?A multiplayer strategy game made by Ensemble Studios that I enjoyed was Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Have you played it?Speaking of multiplayer games from Ensemble Studios, have you heard of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings?A fun multiplayer game made by Ensemble Studios was Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. Did you ever play it?Tin Man Games also made The Forest of Doom. Have you played that game?Have you heard of The Forest of Doom, developed by Tin Man Games?I wonder if you've heard of The Forest of Doom, developed by Tin Man Games.Since you're into third person games, I bet you'd love NBA 2K16. Do you know anything about it?I know you like third person perspective games. Ever tried NBA 2K16?Speaking of third person games, have you tried NBA 2K16?The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a Nintendo classic from 1998. Have you played it?1998 had so many great games come out for Nintendo, like The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Have you ever played it before?Wait, you haven't played The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time? Dude it's been out since 1998, I will literally lend you my copy and my Nintendo 64, you have to play it.When it comes to third person action-adventure shooters, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is a pretty famous one. Have you played it before?If you're into third person action-adventure shooters then I'd recommend Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Have you played it?And of course, one of my favorite third person action adventure shooters is Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you know of it?Have you ever heard of NBA 2K16? You can get it on Steam.Speaking of Steam games, have you got NBA 2K16 yet?Since you get most of your games on Steam, have you tried NBA 2K16?If you're looking for a solid E rated game on Steam, Undertale might pique your interest. Have you ever heard of it?If you want a family friendly game that you can get for Steam, Undertale is there and has an E rating. Have you heard of it before?Undertale is E (for Everyone) and is available on Steam. Have you ever played it before?I was playing Need for Speed: Most Wanted last night, you heard of it? It's a first person driving game.A first person driving/racing game I played recently was Need for Speed: Most Wanted, are you familiar with it?I know you like other first person driving/racing games, but have you tried Need for Speed: Most Wanted?Since you're into games developed by Fuse Games, I wonder if you've tried Metroid Prime Pinball yet.If you like Fuse Games' work, I think you might like Metroid Prime Pinball. Do you know that game?I heard you say you're a fan of Fuse Games. Have you played Metroid Prime Pinball yet?If you're looking for a Nintendo game that was specifically developed by Nintendo EAD, Super Mario World is one. Have you played it before?Since you're into Nintendo games, have you tried Super Mario World by Nintendo EAD?When I think of the Nintendo platform, the first thing that comes to mind is Nintendo EAD's Super Mario World. Have you ever played it?Since you've got a Mac, I wonder if you've tried The Forest of Doom yet?Ever heard of The Forest of Doom on Mac?If you like Mac games, you should give The Forest of Doom a try. Have you heard of it before?If you don't mind driving/racing games even if they're from like 2005, how about you give Need for Speed: Most Wanted a try?Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a driving/racing game loaded with nostalgia circa 2005. Have you played it before?A 2005 driving/racing game I thought was fun was Need for Speed: Most Wanted, are you familiar with it?One of the all time classic PC games released by MicroProse was RollerCoaster Tycoon. Do you know of it?Since you play on your PC, I wonder if you've thought about trying the MicroProse game RollerCoaster Tycoon?I think one of the most well known PC games developed by MicroProse is RollerCoaster Tycoon. Did you ever play that one?Speaking of games released in 2010, have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?Since you seem to like some other games made in 2010, have you heard about Sid Meier's Civilization V?Another good one from 2010 was Sid Meier's Civilization V. Have you ever tried it yourself?One E10+ game on PC I really liked was Worms: Reloaded, have you heard of it?If you're looking for an E 10+ rated game you can play on the PC, there's always Worms: Reloaded. Have you heard of it before?Worms: Reloaded is a nice PC game for anyone 10 and older. Do you know of it?Since you like playing multiplayer games rated E (for Everyone), have you ever tried Super Mario World?For E rated games with a multiplayer option, Super Mario World is a good choice. Have you played it?If you're looking for a multiplayer game with a content your whole family can get on board with, you should try Super Mario World. Have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of Capcom Production Studio 4 games developed for the Nintendo, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Capcom Production Studio 4 put out Resident Evil 4 on Nintendo. I liked it but wasn't sure if you had played it or not. Have you?While we're on the subject of games that Capcom Production Studio 4 made for Nintendo, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?A good action-adventure RPG for the Xbox is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you ever played it?You know, thinking of action-adventure RPGs for the Xbox, I just remembered one you might be interested in. Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Since you seem to be a fan of action-adventure RPGs on the Xbox platform, I thought you might like The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt too. Have you heard about the game?Since you like Nintendo games, I wonder if you've ever played Metroid Prime Pinball.Sicne you have a Nintendo, have you played Metroid Prime Pinball?And speaking of Nintendo games, have you heard of Metroid Prime Pinball?I know Crytek Frankfurt has made a few different first person games, like Crysis for example. Have you played it before?I know you like Crytek Frankfurt's first person perspective games, but have you played Crysis?I know you like Crytek Frankfurt games, especially their first person games. Have you ever tried Crysis?Since you like games by CD Projekt RED, I'm wondering if you've played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt.Ever heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt by CD Projekt RED?The best game I know developed by CD Projekt RED is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you ever played it?Speaking of Sledgehammer Games' titles from 2014, have you played Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Speaking of 2014 releases from Sledgehammer Games, have you tried Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Speaking of games by Sledgehammer Games, have you tried the 2014 game Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?I know Visual Concepts is one of your favorite developers. Have you tried NBA 2K16 yet?If you're a fan of Visual Concepts, you gotta try out NBA 2K16. Have you played it, by any chance?Ever tried NBA 2K16 developed by Visual Concepts?A first person game released back in 2011 that I enjoyed was Portal 2. Have you played it before?A 2011 first person game that I enjoyed was Portal 2. Have you played it?2011 was a great year for first person games, with some of my all time favorites, like Portal 2, released. Are you familiar with it?Since you're fond of games on Steam, have you heard of The Forest of Doom?You seem to have a bunch of Steam games. Have you tried The Forest of Doom?Knowing you have Steam, I wonder, have you ever tried The Forest of Doom?If you're looking for a PC game with multiplayer, Stronghold 2 is an option. Are you familiar with it?Have you heard of the multiplayer PC game Stronghold 2?If you like multiplayer PC games, then I wonder if you've tried Stronghold 2.Chris Sawyer seems to be one of your favorite developers. Have you played their Transport Tycoon?Since you like other games developed by Chris Sawyer, I wonder if you've ever played Transport Tycoon.Since you play games developed by Chris Sawyer, I wonder, have you played Transport Tycoon?Since you typically like PC games, you'd love Firefly Studios' Stronghold 2. Heard of it?One of my favorite PC games made by Firefly Studios is Stronghold 2, are you familiar with it?If you like PC games by Firefly Studios, then have you heard about the game Stronghold 2?If you're okay with T rated real-time strategy simulation games, then what about Stronghold 2?Stronghold 2 was a T rated real-time strategy simulator that I enjoyed, have you played it?A Teen-rated real-time strategy, sim that I enjoyed was Stronghold 2. Have you played it?If you're looking for a good family-friendly game for the PC, Super Bomberman has an E rating. Have you heard of it before?Since you are interested in PC games rated E (for Eveyone), have you ever heard of Super Bomberman?For E rated family friendly PC games, Super Bomberman is an option. Have you heard of it?Speaking of games released also for Mac, have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?It's hard to find good games for Mac, but have you heard of Sid Meier's Civilization V?I know there's not many Mac games out there, but a solid one is Sid Meier's Civilization V. Have you played it, by any chance?A fun action-adventure shooter for Nintendo is Resident Evil 4, have you heard of it?Speaking of Nintendo action-adventure shooter games, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Have you ever tried the Nintendo action-adventure shooting game Resident Evil 4?I know you use Steam a lot, so I wonder if you've tried The Wolf Among Us.I know there's a lot of good games on Steam, but The Wolf Among Us comes to my mind right now. Have you given it a shot?I know that you're a true blue Steam gamer. Did you check out The Wolf Among Us on Steam?Speaking of multiplayer games developed by Sledgehammer Games, have you tried playing Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?And while we're on the subject of multiplayer games developed by Sledgehammer Games, have you heard of of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare?Have you heard of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare? Sledgehammer Games made it, it's a pretty fun multiplayer game.A good side view action strategy platformer I know of is Worms: Reloaded. Have you heard of it?For side view platformers that combine both action and strategy, you can't go wrong with Worms: Reloaded. Have you heard about it?On the topic of side view action strategy platformers, have you tried out Worms: Reloaded?Since you like driving/racing games for PC, I wonder if you've played Need for Speed: Most Wanted.A classic driving/racing game for the PC is Need for Speed: Most Wanted, did you ever play it?A PC platform driving/racing game that I enjoyed was Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Have you played it?Super Mario World is another multiplayer game by Nintendo EAD. Have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of multiplayer games by Nintendo EAD, I thought you might like Super Mario World too. Have you heard about this game?Do you know of Super Mario World? It's this great multiplayer game from Nintendo EAD.Since you're into newer games from 2017, have you heard of Outlast II by Red Barrels?2017 saw some interesting games, in fact, even from Red Barrels. Have you not heard about Outlast II?Do you know about Outlast II? It's this great survival horror game from Red Barrels, that launched in 2017.You seem to enjoy those M rated games by Crytek Frankfurt. Have you played Crysis, by any chance?An M rated game developed by Crytek Frankfurt that I enjoyed recently was Crysis. Have you heard of it before?The other day I was playing Crysis, it's this nice M rated game from Crytek Frankfurt. Ever heard of it?Naughty Dog has released some pretty interesting PlayStation games, such as Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Did you ever hear about it?Since you're into games from Naughty Dog on PlayStation, I'm wondering if you've checked out Uncharted 4: A Thief's End yet?Have you heard of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End? It's this PlayStation game from Naughty Dog.There were some really interesting PC games released back in 1993, like Super Bomberman. Have you heard of it?There were definitely some good PC games released in 1993, like Super Bomberman. Have you played it before?I know you're a big PC fan. Have you ever tried any older games, for example Super Bomberman from 1993?The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt would be my recommendation since you like third person action-adventure role playing games. Did you try that one?Since you like action-adventure games from a third person perspective with role-playing elements, you should try this game I like, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?So, speaking of third person action-adventure RPGs, have you ever heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?A first person game released in 2017 that I enjoyed was Outlast II. Have you heard of it before?Do you like first person games? If so, I think you'd like 2017's Outlast II.Since you're into first person games and have enjoyed some games from 2017, do you know of Outlast II?If you're looking for a third person perspective game with gritty, adult content, I know of one. Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?If you're looking for a gritty third person game with an M rating, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an option. Have you heard of it?A third-person M-rated game that I enjoyed was The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Have you played it?Have you played Need for Speed: The Run? I think your mom would be OK with it since it's rated T (for Teen).So you talked about games with a T (for Teen) ESRB rating, so I wonder, have you played Need for Speed: The Run?Speaking of good games that are rated T (for Teen), how about you have a look at Need for Speed: The Run?If I remember correctly, you're into third person games. Have you played Madden NFL 15 by any chance?If you're a fan of third person games, you've gotta play Madden NFL 15. Have you heard of that one?Since you like third person perspective games, have you tried Madden NFL 15?Speaking of third person games, have you played The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of third person perspective games, have you played The Wolf Among Us?Since you like third person games I think you'd enjoy The Wolf Among Us. Have you played it, by any chance?I know you like single-player games you can play on the Xbox. Have you played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?Hmm, a good single-player game for the Xbox, you say? Have you heard of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on Xbox doesn't need multiplayer because of it's engaging story. Have you played it?I know you're into side view games, have you tried Never Alone?Since you seem to be fond of side view games, have you tried Never Alone?While we're on the subject of games played from a side view perspective, have you ever heard of Never Alone?Oh, if you're interested in a strategy simulator that will run on Linux, there's always RollerCoaster Tycoon. Have you played it before?Since you play on Linux I think you should check out RollerCoaster Tycoon it's a really solid simulation strategy game. Have you already tried it?If you're looking for a strategy simulator with a Linux release, I have one I'd recommend. Have you heard of RollerCoaster Tycoon?For multiplayer games with a side view perspective, I've enjoyed Worms: Reloaded. Do you know about this game?If you're a fan of multiplayer side view games, I recommend Worms: Reloaded, have you played that one?A side view multiplayer game that I enjoyed was Worms: Reloaded. Have you played it?Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was one of my favorite 2016 games for the PlayStation, have you ever tried it?2016 had many great games released for the PlayStation, such as Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Have you ever heard of it?A PlayStation 2016 game that I enjoyed was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Have you played it?So, you're into games with both a Mac and a Linux release. Have you heard about Worms: Reloaded?Speaking of strategy games suitable for Mac and Linux platform, have you heard of Worms: Reloaded?If you're looking for a game with both a Mac release and a Linux release, Worms: Reloaded is one. Have you heard of it before?Undertale is an adventure, indie, role-playing game from tobyfox that I'd recommend. Have you played it yet?Undertale is an indie adventure RPG from tobyfox. Have you ever played it?Since you seem to be a fan of indie adventure RPGs by tobyfox, I thought you might like Undertale too. Have you heard about the game?My favorite multiplayer game from Valve Corporation is actually Portal 2. Are you familiar with it?You've mentioned enjoying the multiplayer games that have been made by Valve Corporation, have you played Portal 2 yet?I know you're into multiplayer games. Have you tried Portal 2 by Valve Corporation?If you enjoy the action strategy platformers made by Team17 Digital Ltd, you'd probably like Worms: Reloaded. Have you given that one a shot yet?Since you like action strategy platformers, there's this game from Team17 Digital Ltd you may like. It's called Worms: Reloaded, have you tried it?Team17 Digital Ltd made a pretty great strategy action platformer called Worms: Reloaded. Do you know of it?Speaking of single-player games suitable on PC, have you heard of The Wolf Among Us?Speaking of single-player games for the PC, one I enjoyed was The Wolf Among Us. Have you heard of it?One of my favorite single-player PC games is The Wolf Among Us, do you know about it?If you're talking about third person perspective games from back in 1998, there's always The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you familiar with it?Since you're into older games, I wonder if you've tried the 1998 third person perspective game The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?And speaking of third person games released back in 1998, there's always The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Have you played it?Since you like adventure games, I wonder if you've tried out the indie game Outlast II that was released in 2017?A 2017 adventure indie game that I enjoyed was Outlast II. Have you played it?Another indie adventure game from 2017, which I found particularly fun, was Outlast II. Have you ever played that game?If you like indie adventure platformers, have you ever played Never Alone?You said you like indie adventure platformers. Have you played Never Alone, by any chance?Speaking of adventure platformers, have you heard of the indie game Never Alone?One of the best M rated games available for Nintendo is Resident Evil 4, did you ever play it?Speaking of Nintendo games suitable for the M rating, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?Since you seem to be a fan of games for the Nintendo with a mature content, have you heard of Resident Evil 4?F1 2014 from Codemasters Birmingham is a good one that you can get on Steam. Have you checked it out?I know Codemasters Birmingham has some games released on Steam, such as F1 2014. Have you heard of that one?Codemasters Birmingham has some pretty good games out on Steam, such as F1 2014. You ever heard of it?I know you like pinball and puzzle games. Metroid Prime Pinball is both, have you tried it?Since you mentioned you like pinball-puzzle games, have you played Metroid Prime Pinball?Since we're on the subject of puzzle pinball games, it got me wondering, have you heard of Metroid Prime Pinball?Since you like indie games, I wonder if you've tried the 2015 adventure role-playing game Undertale?If indie adventure role-playing games are your thing, you should check out Undertale from 2015. Have you heard of it, by any chance?A 2015 indie adventure RPG that I enjoyed is Undertale, are you familiar with it?Since you play a lot of games for Xbox, I was wondering, have you played Need for Speed: The Run?Since you just got an Xbox, have you tried Need for Speed: The Run yet?Man, you have an Xbox. Surely you've heard of Need for Speed: The Run?Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a good sports multiplayer title for my money. Have you played it before?Speaking of multiplayer sports games, have you heard of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?You mentioned liking multiplayer sport games. Are you familiar with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3?For E rated action strategy games, you can't go wrong with Super Bomberman. Are you familiar with it?Speaking of action strategy games suitable for all ages, have you heard of Super Bomberman?While on the subject of family friendly action strategy games, Super Bomberman is like that and has an E rating. Are you familiar with it?I know you like M rated games, have you tried The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?I know you're into M rated games. So, have you checked out The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt yet?Oh, on the topic of M rated games, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is absolutely amazing. Have you played it?You seem to have liked some other 2014 games, was Madden NFL 15 also among them?And for yet another game that came out in 2014 that you might be interested in, have you ever heard of Madden NFL 15?Speaking of cool stuff released in 2014, have you played Madden NFL 15?So since you're into third person action adventure RPGs with puzzle elements, have you ever heard of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?If you're looking for a third person action-adventure game with both puzzle and role-playing elements, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of the best ever made. Have you ever played it?Of course, a classic third person action-adventure RPG full of puzzles is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Did you ever play it before?Considering you're a fan of some other games from 1994, I wonder if you have also given Transport Tycoon a try at some point.I think you might like the 1994 game Transport Tycoon. Have you ever heard of it?I know older games are pretty hit or miss, but I think you'd love 1994's Transport Tycoon. You heard of it?Among E rated games released back in 1998, one of my favorites is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you familiar with it?Have you heard of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time? Oh my god it's wonderful, it's from 1998, it's this beautiful E rated game.For E rated games released back in 1998, you can't go wrong with The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Did you ever play it?If you're looking for an action-adventure shooter that's suitable for teenagers, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End has got a T rating and is pretty good. Have you heard about it before?Speaking of action-adventure, shooter games suitable for Teens, have you heard of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End?While we're on the subject of action-adventure shooters that aren't absurdly violent, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is only rated T by the ESRB. Have you ever played it?There are definitely a lot of good third person perspective games on Steam, one I particularly enjoy is F1 2014. Have you heard of it before?A third person game on Steam that I enjoyed lately is F1 2014. Have you heard of it?Have you heard of F1 2014? It's a third person game on Steam.