I remember you saying you found Little Big Adventure to be average. Are you not usually that into single-player games on PlayStation?Earlier, you stated that you didn't have strong feelings about PlayStation's Little Big Adventure. Is your opinion true for all games which don't have multiplayer?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Does single-player gaming on the PlayStation quickly get boring for you?So you adored The Room. Do you in general just love to play indie point-and-click puzzle games on the PC?You said that you loved The Room. Do you frequently love playing indie point-and-click puzzle games on the PC?I remember that you loved The Room on PC. Can I assume that you normally like indie point-and-click puzzle games?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you miss such role-playing tactical shooters being released for Mac?You mentioned earlier that you thought Tom Clancy's The Division was average. Are you generally not fond of role-playing games featuring shooting and tactical gameplay that were not released for Mac?I know you weren't sold on Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you just feel okay about other role-playing tactical shooters that don't have a Mac release?You mentioned that you greatly enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Would you say you're a big fan of action-adventure games from 2004 involving shooting and tactical gameplay?So you said earlier that you totally loved Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you commonly in love with tactical action-adventure  shooter games from 2004?You're a big fan of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, if I remember correctly. Do you think it was all about being a tactical action-adventure shooter in 2004?So I know you like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End very much, but I wonder if that extends to all T rated games. What would you say?You really like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, don't you? Do you play a lot of T rated content?I know you mentioned that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was one of your favorite games. Do you in general love T rated games?I remember you said you greatly enjoyed The Room. Is it safe to assume you're a big fan of indie point-and-click puzzle games on Linux in general?I've heard you sing the praises of The Room. Do you play a lot of indie point-and-click puzzle titles on Linux?You brought up how much you loved The Room. Are you in general a big fan of those type of indie point-and-click puzzle games that are available on Linux?I recall you saying that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Are you generally not fond of PlayStation games from 2017?You said before that you hated Need for Speed: Payback. Do you hate other PlayStation games from 2017?You hated Need for Speed: Payback. Was the selection of PlayStation games in 2017 perhaps just terrible overall?You said earlier that you love Silent Hill 2. Do you find that you often really enjoy M (for Mature) rated action-adventure games with puzzles?You mentioned that you really, really love Silent Hill 2. Do you in general just love M rated action-adventure games with lots of puzzles?You gushed earlier over Silent Hill 2. Do you feel a similar infatuation with other M rated action-adventure puzzle games?I recall you saying that you hated Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you hate other side view games made by Climax Studios as well?So I know you said you hated Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you think all of Climax Studios side view games are as bad?You said that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Generally speaking, do you dislike side view games from Climax Studios?You mentioned that you had fun playing BioShock. Do you, in general, enjoy single-player only games like that?Do you enjoy most of the single-player only games, or is BioShock special?I seem to recall that you liked BioShock. Do you like single-player games in general?You said earlier that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was just okay. Are you generally not impressed by action-adventure games with puzzles, shooting and a bird view perspective?I know you only felt okay about Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel so about other bird view perspective games that are action-adventure or puzzle shooter games?I remember you saying that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was an okay game, but didn't blow your mind or anything. Is that just kind of how you feel about all puzzle action-adventure shooters that you play fomr a bird view perspective?You mentioned you liked Far Cry 3. Do you commonly like first person games by Ubisoft Massive?You said that you liked Far Cry 3. Do you always like to play first person games from Ubisoft Massive?I know you mentioned that Far Cry 3 was pretty good in your opinion. Would you say that you're a bit of a fan of the first person perspective games developed by Ubisoft Massive?You mentioned that Quantum Break wasn't bad, but wasn't all that good either. Do you feel that Xbox adventure shooters are in general like that?You said that Quantum Break was nothing special. Do you typically feel similar about playing other adventure shooters on Xbox?You previously mentioned that you found Quantum Break to be average. So are you not commonly into Xbox adventure games featuring shooting?You mentioned you felt Worms: Reloaded was just an average game. Do you find a side view perspective limiting in games?So Worms: Reloaded was a game that you once said was fine, but that it didn't really stick out in any way. Do you feel like that about most games played from a side view perspective?Do you tend to find side view games average, or did Worms: Reloaded just not quite meet your expectations?Do you find all single-player games average, or was it just the case of Transport Tycoon?You clearly are ambivalent about Transport Tycoon. Is this because it doesn't have multiplayer?I know you think that Transport Tycoon was pretty okay but not great. Do you feel similarly about other games that lack multiplayer?Earlier you said you liked Max Payne. Is it normally that you feel fondly about third person games on Steam?You said that Max Payne was a pretty good game. Do you feel the same way about other third person perspective games you can get on Steam right now?I know you liked Max Payne. Do you like other third person games on Steam?You said that you liked Rocket League. Do you like to play other third person games by Psyonix?When we talked yesterday you agreed with me that Rocket League was good. Can you tell me if you feel the same way about other third person games made by Psyonix?I know you've mentioned that you enjoyed playing Rocket League. Do you think Psyonix is good at getting the third person perspective right in their games?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Did Naughty Dog do something differently in 2016, you think?You said earlier that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Are you a big fan of games Naughty Dog released in 2016?I remember you saying that you love Naughty Dog's Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you feel the same way about similar games from 2016?You mentioned earlier that you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was pretty good. Do you in general enjoy playing adventure RPGs?I do recall that you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Do you generally like adventure role-playing games?Considering you liked The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, I was just wondering if you're also fond of other adventure RPGs.You said earlier that you really enjoyed Mass Effect 2. Is it pretty safe to say you are a big fan of third person action-adventure games involving role-playing and shooting?I know Mass Effect 2 is one of your favorite games. Do you love other action-adventure shooters with RPG elements that are in third person?I know you can go on about how much you love Mass Effect 2. Would you say you have a soft spot for third person action-adventure RPG shooters?You mentioned just how much you adore Tetris. Is this sentiment true for all Spectrum HoloByte, Inc. games which have a side view perspective?So I know you said that you're a huge fan of Tetris. Do you consider the way Spectrum HoloByte, Inc. uses the side view perspective in their games a contribution to the high entertainment value?You said earlier that you thought Tetris, by Spectrum Holobyte, Inc. was excellent. Do you normally enjoy side view puzzle games?Previously you told me that you did not like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Would you say it simply doesn't make sense to even release action-adventure shooter games with a teen rating?I know you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you dislike other action-adventure shooters that are rated T (for Teen)?You mentioned you didn't care for Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you just not dig T (for Teen) rated action-adventure games with shooting?You said that you really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you fond of mature bird's-eye view games in general?Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater sounds like your favorite game of all time, hands down. Would you say you like to play games with mature content rating in general, especially with a bird view perspective?You said earlier that you love Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you always a fan of M (for Mature) rated games with a bird view perspective?You just mentioned that Small World 2 was not your cup of tea at all. This got me wondering if you find Linux releases just poor versions of their originals.Previously you mentioned that you did not like Small World 2. Does it have to do with the Linux release, by any chance?Do you often have a bad experience with Linux games, or was Small World 2 more of an exception?You mentioned greatly enjoying The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you a pretty big fan in general of third person games from Nintendo EAD?I remember you really, really loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you have similar feelings for the other third person perspective games made by Nintendo EAD?It's clear that you really feel positively about The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time developed by Nintendo EAD. Do you feel so strongly about most other third person games?Need for Speed: Most Wanted is a title I remember you liking. Do you feel the same about other games that are developed by EA Redwood Shores?Do you usually enjoy EA Redwood Shores' work, or is Need for Speed: Most Wanted somewhat unique?So hey, earlier you mentioned liking Need for Speed: Most Wanted. I'm curious, do you feel similarly about the other games developed by EA Redwood Shores?I remember you felt indifferent about adventure shooters with a third person perspective such as Quantum Break. Is this generally true?I recall that you found Quantum Break to be average. In general do you think third person adventure games featuring shooting are just average?So you said you didn't waste your money on Quantum Break, but it didn't really stand out in any way. Do you have similar thoughts on third person adventure shooters in general?You said that Football Manager 2015 was a pretty good game. Do you have the impression that Sports Interactive simply knows how to get their sports strategy simulators right?I remember you mentioning Football Manager 2015 as a good game. Do you normally like trying some of Sports Interactive's other sports sim strategy games?You said that you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you generally like to play sports strategy simulations from Sports Interactive?You said earlier that you didn't like Small World 2. Is it common for you to dislike multiplayer indie trivia/board games?You said that you disliked Small World 2. Is it often that you don't care for indie trivia and board games with multiplayer?I know you mentioned you found Small World 2 to be very boring. Do you feel the same way about other indie trivia/board game style video games even when they come with a multiplayer?You said that Little Nightmares was a pretty good game. Would you say that you're quite fond of adventure puzzle platformers played from a side view perspective?I remember you saying that you enjoyed Little Nightmares. Do you like to play side scrolling adventure and puzzle platformers in general?Earlier you mentioned you liked Little Nightmares. Are you always a fan of side view perspective adventure games with platforming and puzzles?You said that Outlast II was, to sum it up, thoroughly average. I'm curious, do you feel similarly about other first person indie adventure games too?I know you just mentioned playing Outlast II and thought it was decent. Do you commonly like first person indie adventure games?I remember you telling me you just finished playing Outlast II, and thought it was decent. Do you generally like first person indie adventure games?You said that you disliked Skyforge. Does that mean that you usually dislike hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs on the PC?I remember you mentioned that you didn't like Skyforge. Are you not a fan in general of PC MMORPGs with adventure and hack-and-slash gameplay?So you indicated that Skyforge was boring and unpleasant. Do you perhaps just not like hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs for the PC?It seems like Skyforge was a bad choice for you. I can't help but wonder if playing it on the Xbox was not part of the reason for a poor experience. What do you think?So you thought Skyforge was a pretty bad game. But do you have similar thoughts about other games for the Xbox?You told me that you don't like Skyforge. Is that also the case for other Xbox games?You seem to be all about Tetris. Is this true for all arcade based puzzle games which focus on strategy and not multiplayer?You mentioned previously that you love Tetris. Do you generally enjoy single-player arcade games featuring puzzles and strategy?So you find Tetris totally awesome. Do you in general love to play through the single-player campaign of arcade puzzle strategy games all on your own?You said that you didn't feel good or bad about Stronghold 2. Do you feel the same about other games that don't have a Mac or Linux release?You said you thought Stronghold 2 was just so-so. Do you typically not care for games that aren't available on Linux and Mac?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Do you feel like it should have been released for Linux and Mac as well?Earlier you mentioned that you felt The Forest of Doom was a pretty average game. Is that because you can't really find all that much excitement in text adventure role-playing games for the PC?I know you felt so-so about The Forest of Doom. Is that the same for other role-playing, text adventure games on PC?You said earlier that The Forest of Doom was simply average. Are you typically unimpressed by role-playing text adventure games for PC?Are you usually unimpressed by PC games, or is The Forest of Doom kind of the black sheep?So The Forest of Doom was a game that you, if I remember correctly, felt was of average quality. What about other games for the PC, do you feel the same about them?If I remember right, you mentioned you felt that The Forest of Doom was a pretty average game. Do you have similar thoughts about a lot of other PC games?You said that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Does that liking extend to other action-adventure puzzle shooter games with a rated for teenagers?You said earlier that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Typically, are you a fan of action-adventure games rated T (for Teen) featuring puzzles and shooting?You really liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you also like other action-adventure games with puzzle or shooter elements that are rated T (for Teen)?Earlier you mentioned that you liked Football Manager 2015. Generally are you a fan of games from 2014 by Sports Interactive?Football Manager 2015 was developed by Sports Interactive in 2014 and you seem to think it was good. Is that always true for these types of games?You said you had an enjoyable time playing Football Manager 2015. Do you think the developer Sports Interactive did an especially good job in 2014?You said you were ambivalent towards The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Do you feel the same about other first person adventure games from indie developers?I remember you saying you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. In general are you unimpressed by indie adventure games with a first person perspective?You said that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be okay, but not all that great. Do you often feel that way about indie adventure games that are played from a first person perspective?You said that you had fun playing Far Cry 3. I'm curious, in general do you like action-adventure shooters that are available on Steam?You mentioned that Far Cry 3 on Steam was good. Do you also enjoy other action-adventure shooters on the same platform?So, you thought Far Cry 3 was a good game. Do you usually like action-adventure shooter games that you can get on Steam?I remember you saying you enjoyed Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Would you say that the T rating is thus appropriate for such tactical strategy games?Previously you told me that you like to play Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Does it mean you are fond of T rated games with a lot of realtime tactical strategy?You mentioned that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you tend to enjoy T (for Teen) rated games involving strategy and tactical gameplay?Are you overall a fan of games developed by Blizzard Entertainment, or World of Warcraft only?You mentioned that World of Warcraft was pretty good in your opinion. Does Blizzard Entertainment tend to satisfy your expectations in their games?You just said that you liked World of Warcraft. Are you a fan of most of the other games by Blizzard Entertainment too?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Is that true for the majority of teen rated games that you play on the PlayStation?You described how you thought Little Big Adventure was only average. Is this sentiment true across most T rated PlayStation games?You said earlier that you thought Little Big Adventure was average. Are you typically not impressed with PlayStation games rated T (for Teen)?Earlier you mentioned disliking Need for Speed: Payback. Generally are you not a fan of third person perspective driving/racing games?I get that Need for Speed: Payback isn't your game. Do you think it's because you prefer other genres than driving and racing, or were you not a fan of the third person perspective?You said that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Typically speaking, do you dislike third person driving and racing games?You are a big fan of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, right? Do you find action-adventure shooters exciting in general?You mentioned before that you love Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Is that true for all action-adventure shooters?You mentioned that you thought Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was an absolutely amazing game. Is the action-adventure shooter genre something right up your alley?Is playing multiplayer games something you're always up to, or was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End an unusually good one?I know you thought that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was a truly excellent game. Do you also love other games that have a multiplayer option?You've told me before that you love Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Is that because you enjoy multiplayer games?You said you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you often tend to play similar Nintendo games that are also rated E?I recall you saying that you really enjoyed The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Are you typically a big fan of games on Nintendo rated E (for Everyone)?So since you mentioned that you absolutely loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, it got me curious about something. Do you also love Nintendo's lineup of other E rated games?You said that you disliked Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you not really like to play games by Core Design from 2003 then?If I remember correctly, you did not like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Did Core Design let go off their high standard in 2003, you think?You said earlier that you dislike Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Are you just not a fan of games from 2003 by Core Design?You said you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a pretty good game, if I remember right. Do you like to play games with friends in multiplayer?I know you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted, but do you usually prefer games that offer multiplayer?Are you usually a fan of multiplayer games, or was Need for Speed: Most Wanted just particularly well done?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Would you say Adeline Software International has room to improve in third person games overall?You said you were not totally sold on Little Big Adventure. Is this the case for all third person games from Adeline Software International?You mentioned you thought Little Big Adventure was average. Are you typically unimpressed by third person games from Adeline Software International?You mentioned that World of Warcraft was pretty good in your book. In general, do you find adventure MMORPGs to be fun?Do you find playing adventure MMORPGs fun, or did you just enjoy World of Warcraft?In our conversation you mentioned liking World of Warcraft. Would you say the adventure MMORPG genre is one of your favorites?I know you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do you also dislike other SCS Software driving games?I remember you told me that you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do you mean that you do not like to play driving simulator games developed by SCS Software in general?You said that you disliked Euro Truck Simulator. Do you make a habit of disliking driving and racing simulators by SCS Software?You said you were indifferent towards Outlast II. Are you generally indifferent towards Red Barrels' first person games?I recall that you said you found Outlast II to be average. Generally do you find first person games from Red Barrels average?You mentioned that Outlast II was so-so in quality. Does it perhaps have to do with the use of a first person perspective by Red Barrels in their games?Earlier you said you disliked Euro Truck Simulator. Are you just not a fan of games from 2008 by SCS Software?If I remember correctly, you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Did SCS Software do a poor job in their quality control in 2008?You told me that you dislike Euro Truck Simulator. Is this the case for all SCS Software games released in 2008?You felt that Worms: Reloaded was just an average game. Would you say that you often feel similarly about other action strategy platformers?So I remember that Worms: Reloaded was a game you thought was decent but not great. Do you just find all strategy action platformers to be like that?Do you find all action strategy platformers lukewarm, or just Worms: Reloaded?You found The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim to be enjoyable. Do you often find first person perspective games like that fun?I seem to recall that you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was pretty good. Do you generally enjoy games with the first person perspective?I know you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was a pretty fun game. In general, do you tend to enjoy first person games like that?You mentioned that you didn't have strong feelings about Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Is this the case for all Crystal Dynamics games on Steam?I know you think Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was mostly okay, but I'm curious now. Do you have similar thoughts about the rest of the games made by Crystal Dynamics available on Steam?You said earlier that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris isn't your favorite or least favorite game. Is it the same for all Crystal Dynamics games on Steam?You mentioned earlier that Small World 2, released in 2010, was not one of your favorite games. Do you not enjoy any games that Days of Wonder make?You said Small World 2 was a very off-putting game. Could it just have been that Days of Wonder had a bad year in 2010?You said earlier that you don't care for Small World 2. Does that mean that 2010 games by Days of Wonder are just not your cup of tea?I remember you said you found Driver to be average. Are you normally not impressed by T (for Teen) rated games by Reflections Interactive?Driver was just okay for you. Do you feel the same about other Teen rated games from Reflections Interactive?A moment ago you said that Driver was simply okay, not bad, not good. Would you say that games by Reflections Interactive labelled with the T rating are simply missing something?So The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, I remember you saying, is a game you felt had potential but ultimately ended up merely average. I'm curious, is that the impression you get from most of the M rated games played in a first person perspective?I recall that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. Generally are you not impressed with first person perspective games rated M (for Mature)?You've mentioned that you played The Vanishing of Ethan Carter but felt indifferent towards it. Does it mean that you feel the same about different Mature first person story games?You mentioned you loved Mass Effect 2 a moment ago. However, don't you think that many games released on the PlayStation in 2010 were just excellent?You mentioned that you loved Mass Effect 2. Are you a fan in general of PlayStation games from 2010?You said that you adored Mass Effect 2. Do you feel this way when playing other 2010 PlayStation games?I wonder if you think Team17 Digital Ltd is no more than an average developer, or rather that Worms: Reloaded was just an anomaly for them.You said Worms: Reloaded was thoroughly average. Do you feel the same way about the rest of the games developed by Team17 Digital Ltd too?You were just mentioning how you felt Worms: Reloaded was a pretty average game. Do you feel similarly about other games made by Team17 Digital Ltd?You said that you liked The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you regularley like to play Nintendo games from 1998?You said you felt The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was a really excellent game. Would you say that 1998 was just the right time for such a game to be released for the Nintendo?I remember how much you dug The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time from 1998. Do you generally dig other similar Nintendo game?I know you feel that NHL 15 is neither particularly great, nor particularly terrible. Do you feel the same way about the other sport simulators made by EA Canada?You mentioned you thought NHL 15 was average. Are you commonly unimpressed with sports simulation games from EA Canada?You mentioned that you think that NHL 15 is okay but that it doesn't stand out from the crowd. I'm wondering, do you feel the same way about EA Canada's other sports simulators?You said earlier that you found The Forest of Doom to be average. Do you think that most PC games from 2014 are only average?I remember you saying that The Forest of Doom was an okay game. Would you say other PC games from 2014 are mostly just okay games?So a moment ago you said that The Forest of Doom was an okay game, but nothing special. Would you be inclined to say that PC games released in 2014 have just a limited entertainment value now?You said that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. In general, do you like to play third person games that are rated T?You said earlier that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you commonly enjoy third person games rated T (for Teen)?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you in general like third person perspective games that have a teen rating ?So you like World of Warcraft too. Is that because you can play it on Mac?You enjoyed World of Warcraft, huh? Do you like other games on the Mac too?You previously told me you liked World of Warcraft. Do you normally expect games to have a Mac port for you to play them?I remember you telling me that you didn't feel too strongly about Rollcage. But does that opinion also hold true for other action racing games by Attention To Detail?You mentioned that you didn't hate Rollcage but it didn't impress you either. Do you think there is a lot to improve in all action racing games developed by Attention To Detail?You said earlier that Rollcage is merely average. Are you generally somewhat unsatisfied by action games with driving and racing by Attention To Detail?If I remember correctly, you told me earlier that you didn't like Small World 2. Are you in general not fond of playing games on Steam?Do you tend to not enjoy playing games on Steam, or is it just a problem with Small World 2?You mentioned not liking Small World 2 at all. Do you end up disliking many games that you get on Steam?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Do you tend to find multiplayer games on Steam lacking something in general?You previously mentioned that Stronghold 2 was merely average. Are you usually unimpressed with multiplayer games on Steam?You said that Stronghold 2 felt average. Do you think this is true for other multiplayer games on Steam?I know you've mentioned Rocket League being pretty good. Do you similarly enjoy other vehicular combat sport games with multiplayer?You mentioned that you like Rocket League. Are you a fan in general of multiplayer sports games with vehicular combat?I know you told me Rocket League is a good game. Does this sentiment hold for other multiplayer based games which feature sports and vehicular combat?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you just not care much for multiplayer PC games?You said earlier that multiplayer on Tom Clancy's The Division was average. Do you find that opinion true for most PC games.You said you were indifferent towards Tom Clancy's The Division. In general, are you indifferent towards multiplayer games on the PC?I know you found Driver okay, but didn't really love it. I'm wondering, in general do you think that about driving/racing simulators that don't have any multiplayer option?You mentioned earlier that you found Driver to be average. In general are you unimpressed with single-player simulation games featuring driving/racing?I recall you mentioned that Driver was just an average game. Does this sentiment hold for all driving/racing simulations which are single-player?You mentioned previously that you liked Life is Strange. Are you typically fond of M (for Mature) rated games from 2015?I remember you tell me that you thought Life is Strange was good. Is that the general sense you get for other M rated 2015 games?So I believe you liked Life is Strange. Was 2015 a good year for M rated games, do you remember?You said a while ago that you like Rocket League. Is it normal for you to like Nintendo Switch games developed by Psyonix?You mentioned that you enjoyed Rocket League. Is it safe to say then that you're a fan of other Nintendo Switch games from Psyonix?You mentioned liking Rocket League. Do you think that even other games developed by Psyonix for the Nintendo Switch could be good?I remember you hated Guitar Hero: Smash Hits when it first came out. Would you say 2009 was just a bad year for Nintendo games?You said earlier that you were not fond at all of Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is it the case with all 2009 Nintendo games?You said earlier that you hated Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Are you generally not about Nintendo games from 2009?You mentioned that you found Football Manager 2015 to be a good game. Do you also enjoy other games made by Sports Interactive that feature multiplayer?You said that you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you generally like multiplayer games by Sports Interactive?You previously said that you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you find that you're often fond of multiplayer games from Sports Interactive?I heard you think Driver is O.K. Does that mean you only kind of like third person driving simulations?You said that Driver was so-so. Do you think the third person view is not quite the right player perspective in driving/racing simulators?You seem to be lukewarm about Driver. Is this pretty much the same for all driving/racing simulators which are in the third person?It's cool that you loved Metro 2033. Do you love other first person games that are rated Mature?Earlier you said that you liked Metro 2033. Is it safe to say you're a fan of first person perspective games rated M (for Mature)?So you had a good time playing Metro 2033. I can't help but wonder, do you find playing M rated games most immersive when played from a first person perspective?You previously mentioned liking Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Generally are you a fan of games from 1998 by Pyro Studios?I know you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines quite a lot. Have you checked out any other games made around 1998 by Pyro Studios?I heard you say earlier that Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines was a good game. Do you usually like games from Pyro Studios released in 1998?Earlier, you mentioned enjoying Little Nightmares. Would you say that you feel similarly about other adventure puzzle platformers made by Tarsier Studios?You said earlier that you liked Little Nightmares. Do you tend to enjoy adventure games with platforming and puzzles from Tarsier Studios?I remember you telling me that Little Nightmares was a good game. Do you normally like adventure platformers with puzzle elements that are developed by Tarsier Studios?You said you were not really into Skyforge. Do you find hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG games not interesting?Do you dislike all hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs, or just Skyforge in particular?You said Skyforge stunk. Don't you say that about most adventure hack-and-slash MMORPG games though?You mentioned not liking Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you not a fan of most games Konami released in 2008?You said that you disliked Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Do you dislike Konami games from 2008 for the most part?I know you found Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 to be very unpleasant to play. Would you say that the games Konami released in 2008 suffered an exceptional drop in quality?You mentioned that you really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you commonly a big fan of action-adventure games on PlayStation with shooting and tactical gameplay?You've been a fan of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater ever since you played it for the first time, seems like. Do you still play tactical action-adventure shooters on the PlayStation?I know you thought Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater was great. Do you think other action-adventure tactical shooters on PlayStation are great normally?You said earlier that you like Little Nightmares. Is it safe to assume you are a fan of many PlayStation games from Tarsier Studios?You said that you like to play Little Nightmares. Does it mean that you regularly play other Tarsier Studios' titles on PlayStation?I know you like Little Nightmares a fair amount. I'm curious, do you consider Tarsier Studios to be a good developer of PlayStation games in general?You told me that you dislike Small World 2. Is this the case for all games by Days of Wonder on Steam?I recall that you disliked Small World 2. Have you never been fond of games from Days of Wonder on Steam?You said that you really hated Small World 2. Have you encountered no other games by Days of Wonder on Steam that you would enjoy at least a bit?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you think Naughty Dog simply makes the best action-adventure shooter games?You mentioned that you really enjoyed Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Would you say you are a fan of action-adventure shooters from Naughty Dog?I remember you saying that you really dug Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you like to play action-adventure shooters from Naughty Dog?Hey, so you enjoyed BioShock. Is such an action-adventure shooter style of games with RPG elements something you dig?I remember that you liked BioShock. Do you generally enjoy action-adventure shooters with role-playing elements?You said you liked BioShock. So I'm curious, do you tend to enjoy action-adventure role-playing shooters overall?So you mentioned that you thought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was a fun game. Do you have similar thoughts about other M rated games?I know you thought that the M rated The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was good. Do you generally prefer games that have the M (for Mature) rating?Are you often pleased with M rated games or is it just The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim?I know you really didn't enjoy Skyforge. Do you feel similarly about other games with a third person perspective?If my memory is right, you said you didn't like Skyforge. Is the third person perspective something you don't like in games?Do you hate most third person games, or just Skyforge?Hey, I've been wondering whether you're fond of gaming on the PlayStation, or you just enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted regardless.I remember you once said Need for Speed: Most Wanted was quite fun. Do you like playing games on the PlayStation in general?You said that you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a good game. Have you had a similarly good experience with a bunch of other games on the PlayStation?Do you think your disappointment with Small World 2, that you mentioned earlier, was caused by the general incompetence of the developer Days of Wonder?I remember you telling me that you didn't like Small World 2. Would you say you're overall not a fan of games by Days of Wonder?You mentioned how much you dislike Small World 2. Does Days of Wonder often mess up games in your experience?Earlier you said that Tetris was a really excellent game, and so I'm wondering something now. Do you think Nintendo is simply the best platform for such arcade puzzle strategy games?You mentioned earlier that you love Tetris. Are you typically about arcade games on Nintendo involving puzzles and strategy?You said that you're all about Tetris. Is this the case for all puzzle and strategy arcade games from Nintendo?So you found Skyforge to be pretty bad, it seems. But now I'm wondering, do you feel the same way about the other third person games available on Steam?You mentioned earlier that you disliked Skyforge. Are you typically not fond of third person games available through Steam?You said that you disliked Skyforge. Does that mean it's safe to assume that you dislike third person games on Steam in general?I remember you said you found Quantum Break to be average. Are you normally unimpressed with Xbox games from Remedy Entertainment?So you think that Quantum Break is pretty much an average game. Do you have the same view on Remedy Entertainment's other Xbox games?I know you felt lukewarm about Quantum Break. Do you feel the same about other Remedy Entertainment games on Xbox?I remember you mentioned that you found Rollcage to be average. Do you typically fail to be impressed by PC games from 1999?You said just now that Rollcage was an okay game but could have been better. I'm curious, do you have the same feeling about the games released for the PC in 1999 in general?You said that Rollcage was just okay. Is this the case for all PC games from 1999?You said that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Do you therefore dislike other Ghost Games releases from 2017?You seem to have really not liked Need for Speed: Payback from 2017. Do you normally feel so strongly about other similar games released by Ghost Games?Previously we've talked about how you didn't like Need for Speed: Payback. Do you have the same feeling about other games Ghost Games made in 2017?You said that you really liked Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you generally like to play third person multiplayer games?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Is that the case with most of the third person perspective games that offer a multiplayer mode?You said earlier that you loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Are you generally a big fan pf third person games with multiplayer?You mentioned disliking Skyforge. Are you typically unhappy with third person MMORPGs with adventure and hack-and-slash gameplay?Sorry to hear that you found Skyforge to be such a poor game and a waste of money. But I wonder, is the hack-and-slash adventure MMORPG genre from a third person perspective just not quite your cup of tea?You said you hated Skyforge. Do you hate most other third person, hack-and-slash adventure MMORPGs?I know you've mentioned that you felt Metro 2033 was a pretty good game. Would you say that playing action shooters with role-playing elements is overall a better experience on the PC than other platforms?You mentioned enjoying Metro 2033. Are you typically fond of action games on PC with shooting and role-playing?You told me that you like Metro 2033 on PC. Would it be fair to say that you typically like action RPG shooters then?Previously you mentioned hating Small World 2. Are you generally not about indie trivia/board games on Mac?You said a while ago that you did not dig Small World 2. Does it mean that you hate indie trivia games on Mac?I know earlier you said that Small World 2 wasn't any fun to play. I'm curious, do you find most games in the indie trivia/board game genre to be like that when they're available on Mac?I remember you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. Would you say you are not impressed with Xbox games rated M (for Mature)?I remember you mentioning that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was so-so in quality. Do you in general feel that way about M rated games released on the Xbox?You mentioned that you were indifferent towards The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Is that the case for all mature games on Xbox?You said earlier that you found Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris to be average. Is this sentiment common for action-adventure games from Crystal Dynamics with puzzles and shooting?So, since you feel that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is merely of average quality, it's got me wondering something. Do you have the same opinion about the rest of Crystal Dynamics' puzzle action-adventure shooters?I know you weren't sold on Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel just okay about other action-adventure games from Crystal Dynamics with puzzle and shooter elements?Earlier you mentioned that you found Outlast II to be just okay. Is it common that you are not impressed with indie adventure games for Xbox?You said that Outlast II was just okay. In general, do you feel the same about other indie adventure games on Xbox?You said that Outlast II wasn't a bad game but could have been quite a bit better. Do you feel like all the indie adventure games for the Xbox end up being that way?I believe you mentioned liking Metro 2033 earlier. Do 4A Games have a good approach to PC games in general, you think?You said that you liked Metro 2033. Do you always like to play releases from 4A Games on PC?You mentioned that you enjoyed Metro 2033, Are you a big fan of PC games from 4A Games?A while ago you mentioned Assassin's Creed II, and said you liked it. Do you feel like a lot of good games were released for the PlayStation in 2009?You said that you liked Assassin's Creed II. Do you normally like to play PlayStation games from 2009?The last time we were talking you said you were into Assassin's Creed II. Is it safe to assume that you liked alot of other PlayStation games from 2009?You told me you loved Silent Hill 2. Do you love other third person games rated M (for Mature)?I remember you mentioned that you loved Silent Hill 2. Are you frequently fond of third person games rated M (for Mature)?You mentioned earlier that you thought Silent Hill 2 was really excellent. Do you in general just really love M rated games played from a third person perspective?I know you mentioned you felt that The Forest of Doom was just an okay game. Would you say the selection of Tin Man Games on Steam lacks more solid games?You said you were feeling so-so about The Forest of Doom. Does this feeling carry over to other titles by Tin Man Games on Steam?I recall you saying that you are indifferent of Tin Man Games' The Forest of Doom. Is it safe to safe you feel similar about the other Tin Man Games' titles available on Steam?Earlier you said you enjoyed Rocket League. Do you frequently prefer third person sports games featuring vehicular combat?Do you commonly favor third person player perspectives like you get in the vehicular combat of a sport title such as Rocket League?You said that Rocket League was a fun time. Do you feel the same way about other third person vehicular combat sports games?You said World of Warcraft was fun. Is that true for lots of other games offering a third person perspective?Do you like the majority of third person games, or just World of Warcraft?You said you liked World of Warcraft, and so I wonder, is the third person view something you explicitly look for in games?You mentioned enjoying playing Crysis a moment ago. Would action-adventure first person shooters land fairly high in your genre ranking?You mentioned previously that you liked Crysis. In general are you a fan of first person perspective action-adventure games featuring shooting?Since you like Crysis, do you also like all first person action-adventure shooters?You said that you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Would you say it's common that you like to play driving and racing games on the PlayStation?So you mentioned Need for Speed: Most Wanted was fun. Is PlayStation the platform on which you enjoy playing racing games the most?You stated Need for Speed: Most Wanted was alright on the PlayStation. Is that true for other driving games?I know you mentioned you thought Transport Tycoon was mediocre. Do you feel that way about all the games developed by Chris Sawyer?Do you tend to find Chris Sawyer's games average, or was it just Transport Tycoon?I see that you're so-so about Transport Tycoon. Is this your opinion for all games from Chris Sawyer?I remember you mentioned that Tom Clancy's The Division, by Massive Entertainment, was just OK. Do you generally think all games on Steam are just average?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Is that the case with all games developed by Massive Entertainment that are on Steam?You said you were ambivalent towards Tom Clancy's The Division. Is this the case for all games by Massive Entertainment on Steam?You said earlier that you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Are you a fan in general of games by EA Redwood Shores from 2005?You indicated that you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Are you typically into games by EA Redwood Shores from 2005?So you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was decent. Do you think there were other good racing games from EA Redwood Shores released in 2005?Your opinion of Metro 2033 seems to be that it's a pretty good game. Do you mostly enjoy playing action RPG shooters from a first person perspective?You mentioned earlier that you liked Metro 2033. Do you regularly play first person action games with role-playing and shooting?You said that you liked Metro 2033. Do you also feel good about other first person action shooter RPGs?I heard you say that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you feel that multiplayer games tend to be more fun from a bird's eye view?You said earlier that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Are you a fan in general of multiplayer games with a bird view perspective?Earlier, you said you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you usually enjoy multiplayer games from a bird's-eye view?Do you tend to enjoy M rated games, or is BioShock simply unique which made you like it?I know you enjoyed BioShock a fair amount. Would you say that you like to play M rated games in general?I believe that you said you liked BioShock. Do you generally like games rated for mature audiences?You had good things to say about Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Is that usually your opinion of games with a third person perspective?You said you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Did the third person perspective contribute to your liking of the game you think?I know you mentioned liking Need for Speed: Most Wanted a fair amount. So you like games with a third person perspective?You told me you liked playing Life is Strange. Are you a into other third person, single-player games?Earlier you mentioned liking Life is Strange. Are you typically down with single-player games that have a third person perspective?I know that you liked Life is Strange. Do you have fun playing third person perspective single-player games in general?I remember you saying that you loved The Room. Do you tend to enjoy PC games from 2012?I recall you mentioning that The Room was a top game. Do you frequently like to play games from 2012 on PC?You said that The Room was one of the best games you've played. Do you think that the other games released for the PC in 2012 were really good too?You said you liked Life is Strange. So, do you like all of the role-playing games made by Dontnod Entertainment?You mentioned earlier that you liked Life is Strange. Are you commonly fond of role-playing games from Dontnod Entertainment?I remember you saying that you liked Life is Strange. Do you think Dontnod Entertainment has a good approach to role-playing games in general?You told me about your love for Mass Effect 2 recently. Do you feel this love for the other M rated games developed by BioWare?You said that you totally dug Mass Effect 2. Do you mostly like to play mature games from BioWare?A moment ago you mentioned how awesome you thought Mass Effect 2 was. Generally speaking, do you think the M rated games developed by BioWare are great?I know that Uncharted 4: A Thief's End is one of your favorite games. Do you enjoy all of Naughty Dog's games?I wanted to ask whether it's common that you deem a game from Naughty Dog simply amazing, or Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was just a special case.I know you really, really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. I'm wondering, do you feel like Naughty Dog just knows how to get every detail of their games right?I know you mentioned that NHL 15 was just so-so. Do you feel that a bird view perspective in sports simulators just isn't all that immersive?You said you were indifferent towards NHL 15. Typically, do you feel similar to other play bird's-eye view sport simulations?Earlier you mentioned that NHL 15 was merely average. Is it common that you're not impressed by sports simulation games with a bird view perspective?Earlier you said you enjoyed Football Manager 2015. Are you generally a fan of simulation games from 2014 involving sports and strategy?You quite liked Football Manager 2015, you mentioned. Was 2014 a good year for sports strategy simulation games, you think?I was surprised when you told me you liked Football Manager 2015. Do you like other sports sim strategy title from 2014?You mentioned that you found Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 to be an okay game. Do you in general just find third person perspective sports games to be meh?You said earlier that you thought Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was average. Are you generally unimpressed with third person sports games?If I remember right, you felt like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was just okay. Do you typically feel that third person sports games aren't really your thing?You mentioned absolutely loving BioWare's Mass Effect 2. Do you feel the same way about other action-adventure RPGs which are shooters?You said Mass Effect 2 totally ruled. Are you a huge fan of BioWare's action-adventure RPG shooters?You mentioned earlier that you loved Mass Effect 2. In general are you a fan of action-adventure games from BioWare with role-playing and shooting gameplay?So The Forest of Doom was just ok according to you. What about other games released in 2014, do you feel that way about most of them?So I know you think The Forest of Doom was an okay game but could have been a lot better. I'm curious, do you perhaps feel like 2014 was a bad year for games?The Forest of Doom was apparently nothing more than ordinary in your view. Has that been the case with other games from 2014 too?So you said that you had a good time playing Assassin's Creed II. Generally speaking, do you like playing third person action-adventure platformers?I recall you said that you liked Assassin's Creed II. Are you generally fond of third person action-adventure games featuring platforming?You said that you enjoyed Assassin's Creed II. Do you generally like to play third person action-adventure platformers?You said that you totally dug Silent Hill 2. Is it often that you like playing third person games on the PlayStation?You said that Silent Hill 2 was totally awesome. Do you feel the same way about some other third person perspective games out on the PlayStation?I recall you saying that you really enjoyed Silent Hill 2. Are you regularly a fan of third person perspective games on PlayStation?You said earlier that you didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Are you generally not a fan of Nintendo games rated T (for Teen)?You mentioned disliking Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is this the case for all Nintendo games rated T?You seem to dislike Guitar Hero: Smash Hits a lot. Would you say T rated games for the Nintendo tend to often disappoint you?You said earlier that you found Tom Clancy's The Division to be average. In general, are you not impressed by third person perspective games from 2016?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Do you prefer third person shooters from a different year than 2016?You said earlier that you felt Tom Clancy's The Division was average. Is that the case with all 2016 games played from a third person perspective?You previously said Need for Speed: Most Wanted was a solid game. Would you say a multiplayer option for the PlayStation increases the likeability of games from your perspective?You said earlier that you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Do you like playing other PlayStation games with multiplayer?I know for a fact you like Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Do you like playing other PlayStation games with multiplayer modes?You said earlier that you were just okay with Driver. Is it the case with all PC games from 1999?So in our conversation earlier, you mentioned that you felt Driver was a completely average game. Would you say that PC games from 1999 don't have quite as much to offer nowadays?You mentioned earlier that you found Driver to be average. Generally are you not impressed with PC games from 1999?You said earlier that Little Big Adventure was merely average. Are you unimpressed in general by action-adventure games from 1994?You said earlier that you were ambivalent towards Little Big Adventure. Is it the case with all action-adventure games from 1994?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Perhaps action-adventure games from 1994 are not that fun anymore?You said you had a good time with Max Payne. Are many of your favorite games third person action-adventure shooters?I know you feel that Max Payne was a fun time, and that has me wondering something. Do you feel the same way about other third person action-adventure shooters?You said that you enjoyed Max Payne. Is this the case with all action-adventure third person shooter games?You mentioned earlier that you found Max Payne quite fun. Do you feel the same way about other action-adventure shooters on the PC?You mentioned earlier that you enjoyed Max Payne. Generally, are you a fan of action-adventure games for PC with shooting gameplay?I remember you mentioned that you liked Max Payne on the PC. Do you feel this way about the other action-adventure shooter games?You mentioned that you liked Little Nightmares on PlayStation. Do you have generally fond feelings for most games from 2017?You mentioned liking Little Nightmares a fair amount just a moment ago. Do you enjoy more of the games released for the PlayStation in 2017?Earlier you said that you enjoyed Little Nightmares. Are you generally a fan of PlayStation games from 2017?I know you felt BioShock was a pretty good game. Is first person a perspective you prefer in games you play?So you liked playing BioShock, is that true for most first person games though?I know that BioShock is a game you like. Is the first person player perspective a preference of yours in the games you play?If I remember right, earlier you said you felt Outlast II was just average, you didn't waste your time but you weren't blown away either. Do you have similar thoughts about M rated indie adventure games in general?I remember that you found Outlast II to be average. Typically, are you unimpressed by indie adventure games rated M (for Mature)?I think I heard you say that you do not like nor dislike Outlast II that much. Do you in general feel neutral about Mature indie adventure games?You said that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is it common for you to dislike music multiplayer games?You mentioned that you didn't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Do you hate most music games with multiplayer?I remember you don't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Do you think making it a single-player only game would have been a better idea for this type of a music game?You said that Crysis was a good game a moment ago. Do you feel similarly about the rest of the action-adventure shooters developed by Crytek Frankfurt?You said that you liked Crysis. Do you commonly like to play action-adventure shooters from Crytek Frankfurt?You mentioned that you liked Crysis. Are you generally into action-adventure games with shooting from Crytek Frankfurt?You said earlier that you thought Need for Speed: The Run was just average. Are you commonly unimpressed by Xbox games from 2011?I know that you don't hate Need for Speed: The Run, but don't particularly like it all that much either. Do you remember if there are some Xbox games from 2011 that were any better at all?I rememver you felt ambivalent towards Need for Speed: The Run on Xbox. Do you feel generally the same about other 2011 titles?You said earlier that you found Euro Truck Simulator to not be very enjoyable. Do you dislike games developed by SCS Software on Steam, in general?You said you disliked Euro Truck Simulator. Do you tend to dislike games by SCS Software sold through Steam?Previously you told me that you did not like Euro Truck Simulator. Are you disappointed with SCS Software's overall selection of games on Steam?You mentioned that Rollcage wasn't bad but was also kind of mediocre. Would you say that applies to the rest of Attention To Detail's lineup of PC games too?You mentioned you thought Rollcage was merely average. Are you generally not impressed by PC games from Attention To Detail?You seem to be ambivalent towards Attention To Detail's PC games like Rollcage, is that generally true?Earlier you mentioned that you felt Transport Tycoon was mediocre. Do you feel the same way about all games that lack a Mac release?Do you usually find games without a Mac release inadequate, or just Transport Tycoon?I've heard you're nonplussed about Transport Tycoon. Is this the case for all games that don't have a Mac release?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. I just wonder, could that have to do with the combination of the real-time strategy simulation and the bird's eye view perspective?You seem to be lukewarm on RTS and simulation games, like Stronghold 2. Is this the case for most bird view games?I remember you saying that you found Stronghold 2 to be average. Is this feeling shared with other real-time strategy and simulation games that have a bird view perspectives?You said you did not really like Skyforge. Is that the case for other games released in 2015 too?If I remember right, you thought Skyforge was a pretty bad game. Was it just the fact that it was from 2015?So Skyforge was a game you would never play again. Is that the case with most other games from 2015?You said earlier that you didn't like Need for Speed: Payback. Are you usually not fond of driving/racing games rated T (for Teen)?I remember you don't like Need for Speed: Payback. Do you think it was because it was rated T (for Teen), or do you generally dislike driving and racing games?I remember that you said that you did not enjoy playing Need for Speed: Payback. Do you also dislike all racing or driving games that are rated T (for Teen)?Do you love to play games on the PlayStation in general, or was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End one of a kind?You like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End a lot, I remember. Would you have even touched it though if it wasn't on the PlayStation?You told me Uncharted 4: A Thief's End was awesome. Does that go for a lot of other games out on PlayStation?Since you mentioned that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was okay, is it safe to assume you play other multiplayer sports games?You said you were not that fond of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. In general, do you like to play multiplayer sports games?I know you didn't hate Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3, but didn't love it either. Do you feel kinda the same way about other sports games with multiplayer?I remember that you liked Life is Strange. Would you say Dontnod Entertainment's games are worth a try when they have the M (for Mature) label?Previously you told me that you like Life is Strange developed by Dontnod Entertainment, is that the case with all M- rated videogames?You previously said you enjoyed Life is Strange. Are you generally fond of games rated M (for Mature) by Dontnod Entertainment?You said earlier that you disliked Skyforge. Are you generally not fond of PC games from Allods Online?I heard that you said you dislike Skyforge by Allods Online. Does it mean that you dislike each game that is publish by this developer on PC?So you said Skyforge was a giant disappointment to you. Do you think that the rest of Allods Online's PC games are poor quality too?I recall that you were not that fond of Little Big Adventure. Do you feel like the T rating makes action-adventure games less fun than what they could be?You mentioned that you felt that Little Big Adventure was mediocre. Do you think the same way about all T rated action-adventure games?Previously you said you thought Little Big Adventure was average. In general are you not that impressed with action-adventure games rated T (for Teen)?You said you liked Assassin's Creed II a moment ago. Do you think Ubisoft Montreal is a solid developer for the PlayStation platform?It's cool that you liked Assassin's Creed II, do you feel the same about other PlayStation games created by Ubisoft Montreal?Since you enjoyed playing Assassin's Creed II, are you into other PlayStation games by Ubisoft Montreal?You said that NHL 15 was in your view merely average. Do you have a similar opinion on the rest of EA Canada's games for the PlayStation?You said earlier that NHL 15 was simply average. Are you usually unimpressed with PlayStation games from EA Canada?You didn't seem to be all that impressed with NHL 15. Does that go for other titles by EA Canada on PlayStation as well?You said that you thought The Vanishing of Ethan Carter by The Astronauts was just average. Is this the same for all indie adventure games?So you said you felt that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter wasn't a game you hated, but wasn't really a game you loved either, very much middle of the road. Do you feel that way about other indie adventure games developed by The Astronauts?Earlier you mentioned that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter to be average. Is it normal that you are unimpressed by indie adventure games from The Astronauts?You said that you really disliked Konami's Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you fond of any music genre games?I know you said that Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 wasn't very good at all. Is Konami a poor maker of music games in your book?You mentioned disliking Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you generally not fond of music games from Konami?You said Far Cry 3 was pretty fun a moment ago. Would you say Ubisoft Massive has a good reputation for their PC games?I remember you saying that you enjoyed Far Cry 3. In general are you fond of PC games from Ubisoft Massive?You said that you liked Far Cry 3. Do you regularly play games from Ubisoft Massive on PC?You mentioned that Tetris is one of your favorite games. Do you in general love arcade puzzle games full of strategy and played from a side view perspective?You said earlier that you greatly enjoy Tetris. Are you generally a big fan of side view arcade games with puzzles and strategy?You said that you really enjoyed Tetris. Do you frequently like to play side view puzzle and strategy arcade games?I know you think that The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of the best games ever. Do you have a similar love for other Nintendo games that are action-adventure puzzle RPGs?I remember you saying that you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Generally are you a big fan of action-adventure games on Nintendo featuring puzzles and role-playing?I remember you telling me that The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was fantastic. Does this strong opinion exist for most other action-adventure RPGs that have puzzles on Nintendo?I remember you said you enjoyed Need for Speed: Most Wanted. Would you say you are a fan of third person driving/racing games?I recall you weren't quite in love with Need for Speed: Most Wanted, but still found it fun. Do you enjoy playing driving/racing games mostly from the third person perspective?Since you liked Need for Speed: Most Wanted, I was wondering if you like other third person driving/racing games?You said before that you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you love other action-adventure puzzle based RPGs that don't have multiplayer modes?The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of your favorite games ever, if I recall. Do you think action-adventure puzzle role-playing games are simply the best when made single-player only?You said earlier that you loved The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Do you always enjoy a good single-player action-adventure game with puzzles and role playing?You mentioned enjoying BioShock a fair amount. Would you say it was thanks to the experience the Xbox platform provides?Do you usually like Xbox games, or was BioShock just a special case?I believe that you said you liked BioShock. Do you in general like to play games on the Xbox?I know you felt so-so about The Forest of Doom. Is that the general impression you have of other 2014 titles by Tin Man Games?You mentioned that The Forest of Doom was, in your view, thoroughly average. Do you feel like Tin Man Games could have done much better in 2014?You said earlier that you found The Forest of Doom to be average. Would you say this is a common feeling when considering titles developed by Tin Man Games from 2014?You said you felt so-so about The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. In general, would you say you felt the same about other releases from The Astronauts on Xbox?You said earlier that you found The Vanishing of Ethan Carter average. Do you feel normally unimpressed by Xbox games from The Astronauts?Earlier you said that The Vanishing of Ethan Carter was merely okay. Do you have the same thoughts on the other Xbox games developed by The Astronauts?Now just a moment ago, you said that Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 wasn't any good at all. I'm curious then, do you normally avoid E rated games on the Xbox?You said that you disliked Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Generally speaking, do you dislike Xbox games that are rated E?You said earlier that you didn't like Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you typically not a fan of Xbox games rated E (for Everyone)?I know you rather disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you also dislike the other single-player games made by Climax Studios?I know you mentioned not liking Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. I'm curious, do you think all of Climax Studios' single-player only games are bad?You said earlier that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Are you typically not super fond of games without multiplayer from Climax Studios?I remember you told me earlier that you did not enjoy Small World 2. Is the multiplayer mode something that typically spoils your gaming experience?Just a moment ago you were talking about how poor of a game Small World 2 was. So I'm wondering, is it the multiplayer that typically spoils your experience?Do you dislike multiplayer games in general, or was it just Small World 2 that happened to be particularly bad in your view?You noted before that you enjoyed Life is Strange. Do you also enjoy other third person games on PlayStation?You said earlier that you liked Life is Strange. Are you a fan in general of third person PlayStation games?You said earlier that you liked Life is Strange. Do you like many third person perspective games made for the PlayStation?I remember you said you found Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India to be pretty bad. Do you have a similar experience with other action-adventure platformers for the PlayStation?I heard your weren't a huge fan of Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you not like playing action-adventure platformers on your PlayStation?You said that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you dislike action-adventure platformers on PlayStation as a whole?You said that you really enjoyed Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you generally like to play multiplayer games that are rated T?Previously you told me you really like to play Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. So, do you prefer multiplayer games with T content rating?I remember you saying that you really loved Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Do you in general like T rated multiplayer games?You said that you liked Max Payne. Do you frequently like to play mature games from Remedy Entertainment?So you found Max Payne to be enjoyable to play, if I remember right. Do you also enjoy Remedy Entertainment's other M rated games?You said earlier that you enjoyed Max Payne. Are you a a big fan of M (for Mature) rated games by Remedy Entertainment?You said you were not happy or unhappy with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. In general, do you feel this way about other releases from Neversoft Entertainment on the PC?You mentioned that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was an okay game but nothing ground breaking. Do you feel the same way about Neversoft Entertainment's other PC games?You said earlier that you found Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 to be average. Generally are you unimpressed with PC games from Neversoft Entertainment?Ah, so you really didn't like Skyforge at all it seems. But I wonder now, do you dislike the other games that came out in 2015 for the PC?You said that you disliked Skyforge. Is this the case for all PC games in 2015?I know you said you really hated Skyforge. Do you mostly dislike PC games released in 2015?Earlier you mentioned that you found Rollcage to be average. Are you normally not impressed with third person action games featuring driving/racing?You mentioned just a bit ago that you found Rollcage to be average. Do you feel similarly about third person action racing games in general?You said earlier that you thought Rollcage was just average. Is it the case with all action, driving/racing games played from a third person perspective?Your opinion of Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 seems to be that playing it was less fun than watching paint dry. Would you say that the music games that are available for Xbox are just bad?You mentioned disliking Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Are you just not about music games on Xbox?I heard you hated Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Do you dislike all music games on Xbox?You mentioned that Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was, in your view, average at best. Do you feel like Neversoft Entertainment can't be quite trusted with sports games?You seem to have a lukewarm feeling about Neversoft Entertainment's Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Do you also feel lukewarm about other sports games?I know you though Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was a decent game. Do you tend to feel similar about most sports games developed by Neversoft Entertainment?I remember you thought Need for Speed: The Run was just average. Does that sentiment hold for all Firebrand Games from 2011?So Need for Speed: The Run is in your opinion just okay. Was 2011 just an average year for Firebrand Games in your opinion?Earlier you said you found Need for Speed: The Run to be average. Are you typically not impressed with games from 2011 by Firebrand Games?You said that you liked Far Cry 3. Do you frequently like to play multiplayer action-adventure shooters?Earlier you mentioned that you like Far Cry 3. Is it safe to assume you like most action-adventure shooters with multiplayer?I know you mentioned that you had a pretty fun time playing Far Cry 3. Would you say that overall you find action-adventure shooters fun whenever they have a multiplayer mode?You told me Silent Hill 2 is one of your favorite games. Are you regularly into third person action-adventure puzzle games?I think you mentioned having an excellent time when you played Silent Hill 2. Do you generally enjoy all third person action-adventure games with puzzles in them?You said that Silent Hill 2 was totally rad. I'm curious, do you in general really love third person perspective action adventure games with puzzles?I remember you mentioning that you like Little Nightmares. Are you generally a fan of adventure games from 2017 that involve platforming and puzzles?You said that Little Nightmares was a fun time. Were you happy with the 2017 selection of adventure puzzle platformers overall?You said you liked Little Nightmares. Do you like other adventure puzzle platforming games from 2017?I remember you saying you thought that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was good. Do you like any other EA Redwood Shores driving/racing games?Previously you told me you like to play racing games like Need for Speed: Most Wanted. So, do you play other games from EA Redwood Shores?You mentioned that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty good in your opinion. Do you generally enjoy driving/racing games, or are you simply fond of EA Redwood Shores's take on it?I know you like Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you think there is an abundance of good tactical strategy games for the PC?You mentioned that you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Are you a fan in general of strategy and tactical games for PC?I heard you say that you like Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Are you really fond of games wherein it requires your clever strategies and tactics on the PC?You said that you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you tend to not like third person games for PlayStation?You said that you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you frequently dislike third person games on PlayStation?Previously you told me that you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you often find something wrong with the third person perspective games on PlayStation?You had a very high opinion of The Room last time we talked. Do you share this opinion with other first person shooters from Fireproof Games?You said earlier that you greatly enjoyed The Room. Are you typically a big fan of first person games from Fireproof Games?You mentioned that The Room was a totally awesome game. I'm curious, are you in general a big fan of Fireproof Games' first person perspective games?You said that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Generally speaking, do you dislike first person multiplayer games?Earlier you said that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Is it frequent that you would avoid first person perspective games with multiplayer?I get that Guitar Hero: Smash Hits was no fun for you. Do you think the first person perspective was the problem, or perhaps the way multiplayer functioned?You said that Football Manager 2015 was a fun time. Do you enjoy playing sports strategy simulators in a multiplayer mode, with friends?You said previously that you liked Football Manager 2015. Are you typically a fan of multiplayer simulation games featuring sports and strategy?I agree, playing Football Manager 2015 with friends online has been pretty fun. Do you normally like playing sports strategy simulations?I've been wondering, do you think your lukewarm feeling about Transport Tycoon had to do with it being released in 1994?You said that Transport Tycoon was so-so. Do you think that the other games released in 1994 are similarly mediocre?Before you told me that you have a somewhat take it or leave it attitude toward Transport Tycoon. Is this the case for all games from 1994?You mentioned liking Metro 2033. Are you usually a fan of games from 4A Games on Steam?You seem to have enjoyed playing Metro 2033. I'm curious, in general do you like the selection of games that 4A Games have available on Steam?You said that you liked Metro 2033. Do you generally like to play releases by 4A Games on Steam?You didn't care for Skyforge, if I remember right. Do you typically not enjoy titles developed by Allods Online?Do you usually dislike games from Allods Online, or is Skyforge just bad?You told me you dislike Skyforge. Do you feel like Allods Online makes a mess of games in general?You mentioned that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Are you generally fond of PlayStation games from Core Design?I remember the other day you said you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Are you fond of all PlayStation games made by Core Design?Earlier you mentioned liking the game Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. How about other games by Core Design for the PlayStation, do you like them as well?You mentioned that you enjoyed playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. In general, do you enjoy playing games for the PlayStation?I wonder, since you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, are you a fan of PlayStation games?I seem to recall that you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Do you prefer playing games on the PlayStation?You said that you liked Far Cry 3 a fair amount. Do you playing a lot of action-adventure first person shooters?Previously you told me that you like to play Far Cry 3. Does it mean you are fond of first person shooter games with lots of action and adventure in general?You said earlier that you liked Far Cry 3. Are you often fond of first person action-adventure shooting games?I remember you expressing excitement about Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you a fan of many other single-player PlayStation games?You said that you really like Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Is this common for single-player games on PlayStation?You told me that you loved Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you commonly pretty fond of single-player games on PlayStation?You seem to enjoy Ubisoft Montreal's M rated games like Assassin's Creed II, does that sound right?I know you said earlier that Assassin's Creed II was quite good. Would you say you're a fan of M rated games developed by Ubisoft Montreal?You like Assassin's Creed II right? Assassin's Creed II is created by Ubisoft Montreal, I heard it is rated M, right?You've mentioned how bad Small World 2 was. Do you just not enjoy indie games in the trivia/board game genre at all?If I remember correctly, you didn't like Small World 2. Is it the indie trivia/board genre that you don't find fun?Do you tend to be disappointed by indie trivia/board games, or was it just Small World 2?You said that you were super into Silent Hill 2. Do you normally like rocking 2001 games on the PlayStation?You mentioned earlier that you love Silent Hill 2. Are you typically fond of PlayStation games from 2001?You mentioned how much you adored Silent Hill 2. I'm curious, do you feel similarly about the PlayStation games released in 2001 in general?So Guitar Hero: Smash Hits didn't jive for you. Are you not a fan of how Beenox handles the music genre?You said earlier that you disliked Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Are you generally not fond of music games from Beenox?I remember hearing that you think Guitar Hero: Smash Hits is not your cup of tea. Is this pretty much the case for all music games developed by Beenox?You said that Tetris was one of your all time favorite games. Was 1986 a great year for Nintendo games overall, or was it just this game?I remember how much you dug Tetris from 1986. Is this sentiment common for most games on Nintendo?I understand that you really enjoy Tetris. Do you like a lot of other Nintendo games from 1986?Earlier you mentioned that you found Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris to be average. Do you commonly find PC games from Crystal Dynamics average?I know you didn't love or hate Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel similarly about other Crystal Dynamics games on PC?So if I remember right, you feel that Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is thoroughly average in quality. Do you feel the same about the rest of Crystal Dynamics' PC game lineup?I know you felt that Driver was mostly just average in quality. Would you say that the selection of driving/racing simulators on Mac leaves a lot to be desired?I know you are not the biggest fan of Driver, but do you generally feel ambivalent towards most driving/racing simulators on Mac?You said you were ambivalent towards Driver. Is this the case for all driving and racing simulations on Mac?You mentioned earlier that The Room by Fireproof Games was one of your favorites. Is that the case with most indie, point-and-click, puzzle games?You said that The Room was a really excellent game. Do you also love other indie point-and-click puzzle games developed by Fireproof Games?You previously mentioned that you loved The Room. Are you frequently a big fan of indie point-and-click puzzle games from Fireproof Games?I remember that you dislike Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Is that true of all Konami games on the Xbox?You mentioned earlier that you think Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 isn't fun at all. Do you feel that Konami's whole lineup of Xbox games is somewhat like that?I heard you hated Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3. Do you dislike other Konami games on Xbox?You mentioned that you feel that The Forest of Doom was pretty so-so. Is that the fate of most role-playing text adventure games that have gotten a Linux release, you think?You mentioned earlier that you felt indifferent about The Forest of Doom. Do you often feel the same about other role-playing, text adventure games on Linux?You mentioned you thought The Forest of Doom was average. Are you usually not very impressed by role-playing text adventure games for Linux?You said you were indifferent towards Rollcage. Is that the case for all games released on PC but not Linux?You told me that Rollcage was an average quality game. Is that because it's only available on PC and there's no Linux release?You said that Rollcage was just average a moment ago. Would you say that the lack of a Linux release is a huge minus for any PC game from your point of view?Are you often unimpressed by Tin Man Games' games, or was The Forest of Doom the odd one out?You said that The Forest of Doom was not quite worth the money. Do you feel the same way about all the games made by Tin Man Games?You said that you found The Forest of Doom to be so-so in quality. Do you feel similarly about the other games developed by Tin Man GamesEarlier you said you found Need for Speed: The Run to be average. Are you typically not very impressed by driving/racing games from Firebrand Games?I know you feel that Need for Speed: The Run was a merely average game. Do you not trust Firebrand Games with their driving/racing all that much?You said before that you felt so-so about Need for Speed: The Run. Do you feel the same about other driving or racing games from Firebrand Games?You previously mentioned disliking Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. In general are you not fond of single-player games from Core Design?You said you hated playing Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you also hate other Core Design games without multiplayer?I remember you said you didn't like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Do you typically miss some kind of a multiplayer mode in games by Core Design?I recall you said you liked Max Payne. Do you enjoy third person games for PC in general?So you had fun playing Max Payne, if I recall right. Do you also enjoy other third person games for the PC?You told me that you thought Max Payne was good. Do you frequently think that third person games on the PC are good?You said earlier that Quantum Break was simply average. Do you commonly feel lukewarm about M (for Mature) rated games from Remedy Entertainment?I believe your opinion of Quantum Break was that it was nothing special. Do you feel the same about other M (for Mature) titles from Remedy Entertainment?You said that Quantum Break could be interesting at times, but was overall just okay. Do you kind of feel the same way about Remedy Entertainment's other M rated games?So you like playing Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you feel like 1999 was a good year for action-adventure shooter games with puzzles?You said earlier that you liked Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Are you usually a fan of action-adventure games from 1999 with puzzles and shooting?I know how much you like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Is it a favorite because it's from 1999 and is an action-adventure, puzzle, shooter type of game?I remember you saying that you love Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you usually like to play PlayStation games in third person perspective?I remember you saying that you enjoy Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Would you say you strongly prefer third person perspective games on PlayStation?Before, you mentioned enjoying Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you think a third person perspective is particularly enjoyable when playing games on the PlayStation?You said that Need for Speed: The Run was neither bad nor good, but thoroughly mediocre. Do you feel the same way about the rest of the Xbox games developed by Firebrand Games?You said that you Need for Speed: The Run was mediocre. Does the same sentiment apply to other Firebrand Games on the Xbox?You said that Need for Speed: The Run was just okay. Would it be safe to assume that you feel the same about other Firebrand Games on Xbox?You said that you liked Crysis. Can I assume then that normally you like to play first person games on Xbox?You mentioned that you enjoyed Crysis a bit. Do you in general feel that first person perspective games on the Xbox are fun?Earlier you mentioned enjoying Crysis. Are you generally fond of first person perspective games for Xbox titles?A moment ago, you said you had a good time playing Crysis. Do you think it's cool to play M rated games on the Xbox in general?I remember you said you enjoyed Crysis. Are you a fan of Xbox games rated M (for Mature)?You said that you liked Crysis. Do you regularly play Mature games on Xbox?Do you usually find Text adventure RPGs barely adequate, or was it just The Forest of Doom that was lackluster?You said that The Forest of Doom was an okay game at best, but nothing special. Do you feel the same way about most role-playing text adventure games?So I know you found The Forest of Doom merely average. Is that how you feel about all role-playing text adventure games?You said you didn't really like Small World 2. Weren't there any other PC games released in 2010 that you liked?Earlier you mentioned disliking Small World 2. Are you generally not fond of PC games from 2010?You said that you disliked Small World 2. So does that mean you mostly dislike PC games from 2010?You said you didn't love or hate PlayStation games from back in 2014, such as NHL 15. Is that true generally? You said you were indifferent towards NHL 15. Is that the case for all PlayStation games from 2014?You said that in your mind NHL 15 was neither bad nor was it great. Do you feel 2014 simply didn't offer a lot of worthy games for the PlayStation?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Is that often the case with real-time strategy simulation games for the PC?I remember you saying that you found Stronghold 2 to be average. Typically, are you not impressed with simulation games on PC with real-time strategy gameplay?I know you're kind of hit or miss with Stronghold 2. Do you feel so-so about other real-time strategy or simulation games on PC?You mentioned that Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty good. You must enjoy the driving/racing genre quite a bit then, right?I know you thought Need for Speed: Most Wanted was pretty fun, however, I'm wondering, do you like other driving/racing games too?Do you typically enjoy driving/racing games, or is Need for Speed: Most Wanted something special?You mentioned that you enjoyed Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Is it common that you're fond of PC games on Steam?You told me you like Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines. Do you play any other PC games that are also available on Steam?You recently said you liked Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, which is on Steam. Do you normally like playing PC games like this?If I remember right, you once told me you found The Forest of Doom to be okay but not earth shattering or anything. Do you feel the same about most of the single-player games these days?You said that The Forest of Doom was okay but didn't blow you away. Could it have been the lack of multiplayer?Do you tend to find single-player games average, or is The Forest of Doom just not very good?You had good things to say about The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Are you a fan of other projects released by Bethesda Game Studios as well?You enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, if I'm not mistaken. I wanted to ask if you like other games from Bethesda Game Studios too.I remember that you enjoyed The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Do you enjoy other games developed by Bethesda Game Studios?You said earlier that you thought Outlast II was average. Are you typically unimpressed by Xbox games from 2017?So you mentioned that Outlast II was just plain old average in quality. Do you think that also applies to the other games released for the Xbox in 2017?I know you felt lukewarm about Outlast II. Do you feel the same about other Xbox games that came out in 2017?You once said Worms: Reloaded was kinda okay, but nothing all that special. Is it perhaps because PC is not the platform of your choice?Are you normally nonplussed by PC games, or is Worms: Reloaded atypical?You mentioned that Worms: Reloaded was an okay game, but nothing amazing. In general, do you feel that way about PC games?You said that Rocket League was a fun game to play. Do you remember other games released on the Nintendo Switch in 2015 being equally good?You mentioned earlier that you liked Rocket League. Are you frequently a fan of games from 2015 on Nintendo Switch?You said you liked Rocket League from 2015. Do you enjoy other games on the Nintendo Switch as well?You said earlier that you enjoyed Assassin's Creed II. Are you generally a fan of platforming action-adventure games for PlayStation?You said that you liked Assassin's Creed II. Do you generally like to play action-adventure platformers on the PlayStation?You said that Assassin's Creed II was pretty fun. In general, do you enjoy playing those action-adventure platformers that are available for PlayStation?You said that you abhored Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Is it safe to say then you're just not about single-player action-adventure shooters?If I remember correctly, you did not like Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. Is it true though that you overall don't like to play action-adventure shooter games if they don't have a multiplayer mode?Earlier you mentioned not liking Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness. So then can I assume you're not fond of action-adventure shooting games without multiplayer?So Mass Effect 2 is a game you find really excellent, I remember you mentioning. Would you say that, in general, you love the M rated games that are there on PlayStation?Earlier you said that you loved Mass Effect 2. Is that true for other PlayStation games rated M (for Mature)?I remember you saying that you love Mass Effect 2. Do you frequently love playing PlayStation games with M-rating content?You told me that you were only so-so of Need for Speed: The Run. Is this the case for all third person driving or racing games?A moment ago, you said you felt that Need for Speed: The Run was a so-so game. Is that, by any chance, how you feel about many third person driving/racing games?You mentioned earlier that you felt so-so about Need for Speed: The Run. Do you generally feel the same for other third person driving/racing games?You said that you don't like Euro Truck Simulator. Is this the case for all games that lack multiplayer and Linux support?Earlier you said you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Are you typically not a fan of games without multiplayer that aren't on Linux?Previously you mentioned that you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do is make you mad when games are not released for Linux and don't even offer a multiplayer mode?You said you didn't love nor hate Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris. Do you feel the same about other multiplayer action-adventure puzzle and shooter games?You said that you felt Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was merely average. Are you usually underwhelmed by multiplayer action-adventure games with puzzles and shooting?So Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris was, in your view, neither good nor bad, if I remember right. Do you feel similarly about other puzzle action-adventure shooters, even when they had a multiplayer?Previously you told me that you aren't a real big fan of Tom Clancy's The Division. Is it because they don't release these M rated games for Linux?I remember you saying that Tom Clancy's The Division was just okay. Do you have a preference for mature games on Linux?I recall that you found Tom Clancy's The Division to be average. In general are you unimpressed with M (for Mature) rated games that aren't available on Linux?Previously, you stated that you felt NHL 15 is just so-so. Is this the case for all multiplayer sport simulations?You said earlier that you thought NHL 15 was average. Are you unimpressed in general by multiplayer sports simulation games?You said that NHL 15 could be fun but was mostly just average. Do you in general feel that multiplayer sports simulators are like that?You said that you disliked Need for Speed: Payback. Is this the case for all third person games rated T?Previously you told me that you really don't like to play Need for Speed: Payback. Does that sentiment hold for other T rated third person games?You told me you didn't really like Need for Speed: Payback. But would your opinion change if it didn't have that third person perspective and a teen rating?You weren't quite fond of Transport Tycoon, I believe. Does it have to do with it only being released for PC?You seem kind of ambivalent about Transport Tycoon. Is this because it's only on PC?You said you felt Transport Tycoon was of average quality. In general, do you just find PC games to be so-so like that?You mentioned you thought Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 was simply okay. Are you generally not that into PC games from 2001?I know you've said that you feel Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is an okay game, but it could have been better. Do you think most games released for the PC in 2001 feel like that now?You mentioned earlier that you felt neutral about Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3. Do you feel the same about other PC games from 2001?You said that you liked Crysis. Do you often play first person games from Crytek Frankfurt?You said earlier that you enjoyed Crysis. Do you usually play first person games from Crytek Frankfurt?You said that Crysis was a solid game. Would you say Crytek Frankfurt has a pretty good recipe for their first person perspective games?You mentioned enjoying World of Warcraft. Do you in general like playing PC games?World of Warcraft seems to have been fun for you. Is PC the platform of your choice for gaming?You said you liked World of Warcraft. Is that your opinion for most PC games?You mentioned that Quantum Break was merely okay. But I'm wondering, do you feel the same way about the other games released for Xbox in 2016?If you thought Quantum Break was alright, did you feel that way about Xbox games in 2016 as a whole?I remember you saying that you found Quantum Break to be average. Is this similar to other Xbox games from 2016?You said earlier that you were not that fond of Stronghold 2. Is that the case with all 2005 releases by Firefly Studios?You said you felt so-so about Stronghold 2. In general, do you like releases from Firefly Studios in 2005?You said earlier that Stronghold 2 was merely average. Is this sentiment typically true for all games Firefly Studios released in 2005?Previously you mentioned you like Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation. Do you normally like playing single-player PlayStation games?You've mentioned how much you enjoy Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation before. Is it common that you prefer single-player games on PlayStation?Previously you stated that Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation was a game you liked. You must enjoy getting immersed in single-player games on the PlayStation, don't you?You said you really enjoyed Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Are you generally a big fan of Konami  Computer Entertainment Japan games for PlayStation?Everyone loves Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, and it seems like one of your favorite games too. Do you think it being created by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan had anything to do with its success, or was it all about being released on PlayStation?You said that you absolutely loved Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Do you generally like releases from Konami Computer Entertainment Japan on the PlayStation?I remember you mentioned you did not like Euro Truck Simulator. Are you just not a fan of any first person driving simulation games?You mentioned not liking Euro Truck Simulator. Are you not about first person driving/racing simulation games?Previously you told me that you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Would having an alternative perspective besides the first person view improve your experience in driving simulators perhaps?Previously you told me that you don't like to play Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Does it mean you hate single-player PlayStation games in general?So you said you got very bored with Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you just not enjoy single-player only PlayStation games?You mentioned that you didn't enjoy Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Are you generally not a fan of PlayStation games without multiplayer?I remember you said you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Are you not fond of action-adventure games featuring platforming from 2016 as a whole?You said that you disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you in particular dislike action-adventure platformers from 2016?I remember you telling me that you really disliked Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India. Do you remember if that was the case for other 2016 action-adventure platformers besides this one?Do you think 2010 was just an average year for games in general, or Worms: Reloaded was simply not your cup of tea?So, Worms: Reloaded is a game you thought was a perfectly okay but also very unremarkable video game. Do you think 2010 was not the best year for games?You said you felt Worms: Reloaded was merely so-so. Did 2010 just not deliver any games to get really excited for, in your opinion?